Written By Veldon Jones

I ran through hallways and hallways, not stopping to see if anyone was pursuing me. Wasting even a half second, and my timing would be off and I might not make it out of this complex. Suddenly in my path, I saw a guard with full tactical gear and a bulletproof vest doing his normal patrolling. He was just walking, and we came into each other's view only one or two seconds before I would hit him. I didn’t have time to slow down not to hit him, and if I did he would shoot me, so I put my shoulder forward and he was out of the way. 
The ship I was in had a grid pattern of hallways, with sleek metal walls. I was pretty sure that it was supposed to be for prisoners, but I didn’t know of any who would be stored here.
That would’ve been my only obstacle out of the complex. I was making great time, crossing an astonishing distance in seconds. In only a minute or two I would’ve been to the wall, and because my buddies were tracking me, they could make a vacuum seal on the wall, cut through it, and we would be several systems away by the time they realized the flash drive was missing. 
But the alarm ruined all of that. The blaring was meant to warn of imminent danger, and in reality, I was the one in danger, not anyone else on the ship. I risked turning back to see the guy pressing a button on his vest as a final act. I pushed harder than I ever had before. Despite my extensive training, nothing could’ve prepared me for this. 
“Escapee is fleeing to the east side of the ship. Neutralize and kill.” I recognized the voice, but I didn’t have time to identify it. I saw the east side of the ship, but I saw a few men poking their heads from out of behind the walls, most of whom didn’t have time to poke their heads back before I rewarded them with a quick punch to the face. This had also been in my training. The computers had calculated that my blow at that speed would crack a healthy man’s skull open in one hit. So there was no doubt that those men wouldn’t be shooting at me. 
Soon I was at the east wall. Hitting into it. I pulled the flash drive out of my pocket, relieved that it was still there. I looked back to see men lying down on my path here. But more were pouring out.
“How close are you?” I asked in my earpiece.
“We can’t get you out of there, there’s hundreds of people coming in, and we won’t have enough time to get you out without risking someone compromising the seal.” I heard a familiar worried voice on the other side of the earpiece. 
“Don’t worry, just hurry up and do it, I’ve got an idea to hold them off,” I said. I heard some metal clanking against the wall, and I felt relief. I turned to the men approaching. I didn’t want to hurt them, but what choice did I have? I could still do some stalling.
“Hang on!” I yelled and put my hands up as my mind raced for something to go on about. They all stopped at the end of the hall, their weapons pointed at me. I held the silence for as long as felt comfortable, and then said,
“Let me talk to your leaders face to face, I’m sure they have something to say to me before I die. I at least deserve the justice of seeing my true opponents before I die.” As I said it, I slowly moved my hands to my pockets and pulled out the drive. I could feel the central mind thinking, I could see it in the body language of its puppets. At once, they all seemed to have made up their minds and started to proceed. Betting everything on a small instinct in the back of my mind, almost unnoticeable, like trying to feel a feather falling to the ground miles away from you, I pressed the back of the flash drive and out came a little cartridge. I jumped to the left, hundreds of bullets narrowly missing me, and I threw the cartridge into the group. A cloud of purple dust and smoke erupted. I winced, feeling one of the bullets in my right bicep. Soon the dust and smoke cleared, and I peeked around the corner to see all of the men. They had all dropped their guns and were just staring around, not sure what was going on. Some started asking each other questions about where they were. I saw the wall to my right blow up, and through a seal was my friends' spaceship, where they were, grinning. I hopped through into the hatch, not intending to waste any time. We were about to close the door and get out of there when I turned around to see a bright light. The last thing I remember specifically right before the explosion was tightening my grip on the flash drive. 
	I remember the cold, looking at the ship, keeping my grip on the drive. I couldn’t breathe, but I wasn’t panicking. And soon there was a new light, this time blue, that came and enveloped all of my vision, and then everything went blank.

	Three years earlier, I sat in my lab, working on a project. My name at least then, was Spurruch. I was fourteen. Before I explain what it was, let me tell you what happened. 
	For about three months at that point, we were being invaded by aliens. Earth. But this alien was a tricky one to fight. Because it was more of an alien fungus, controlled by a central brain up in space somewhere that we couldn’t find. It was finding its way into the minds of people and taking over their brains. In a state of emergency, the government asked me, who was one of the world’s leading chemists at the time, to work on anything that would slow down or stop the alien. 
The experiments I did on already infected humans gave me the information I needed to produce a chemical that would block the specific nerves that the alien virus uses to access the human brain. 
As soon as I was going to leave to get it mass-produced, they showed up. The alien knew what I was doing, and wanted to stop me before I prevented it from taking over the world. So it commanded its puppets to destroy me and my lab. I knew I couldn’t beat them, so many people banging on the door. I took the only sample and injected it into my body. Now my body slowly radiates the chemical, just enough to keep the minions away unless they have hazmat suits. I rushed downloading the recipe for the chemical onto a flash drive, and the next thing I knew the puppets had burst into the room, and I was taken.
They wiped my memory. They didn’t want me to hinder their plans. They put me on the same prison ship I was on just now. They kept me alive to study my mind and figure out what made me so smart. But I escaped and reconnected with a few buddies who had survived the ensuing alien fallout. The alien brain completely took over the world. But I still had a chance to recover the drive and mass-produce the chemical to fight the brain. We studied the ship’s layout, and I even successfully stole the drive, even if it was only for a few seconds. 

I woke up in a prison cell. They hadn’t wiped my memory this time. I only knew details from my previous life from my friends. But this time, instead of having to escape the prison from scratch, I knew my way around. Of course, security would be tighter, but I could escape multiple times easily. A person walked to my cell. A laser wall separated the both of us. I could tell he was another puppet by the way he walked. The alien brain still hadn’t mastered full human motor function. It turned to me. We stared at each other for a good time. 
“Why do you still fight?” it asked. I didn’t answer I just stared hard into its eyes. I would reveal nothing. I belonged to me, it couldn’t take anything from me. I was in control here. This was what I was telling myself to prevent me from breaking down. I knew I would get worn down and break eventually, so I would have to escape quickly. My mental stamina would only last me so long. 
I walked up to the laser wall and observed. I was in a cell, in a hall with five other laser doors leading to cells. I thought for a second that they could be my friends, although I doubted it. They would’ve left my friends to die just to hurt me more. I wondered who else would be immune to the fungus and somehow not infected.
 No one else was at any of the other doors, and they all looked the same, So I turned my attention to my laser wall. Last time I had broken out by breaking all of my knuckles on one of the laser projectors, letting me make my break for it. But this time there was an extra sheet of half-inch steel protecting it, and the laser wall went in front of it, so I would get zapped if I tried the same thing again. 
Then I looked around the cell. No bolts, screws, or even edges of metal that I could try to pry open. I tried pacing for a few minutes, but that got me worked up, so I tried to get some sleep instead. My chest was hurting, probably because of my short exposure to the vacuum of space, right after one of the fastest mile times I had ever done. I couldn’t sustain a similar sprint for a few weeks, at least. But I had hours, at most. 
A Little Ceaser’s pizza box was there when I woke up. I opened it up, and the aroma flooded the room, drowning my thoughts with old memories from a time before my mind was wiped. 
	But I didn’t eat it. I knew it was how the brain was trying to get in. I didn’t know how my immune system would fare when the brain’s chemicals were in my stomach, but it wasn’t worth the risk. I would have to go without food until I left. 
	I tapped the laser wall, and It flung me to the back of the cell with a jolt. 
	My motivation was already dropping, barely an hour or two into this scenario. But I couldn’t lose hope. I could do something. I could free myself. 
	I turned to the pizza. I took the box and used it as a shield. I got to the back of the cell, charged, and actually made it through. But immediately, the alarms were sounding. 
	People from the other cells came to their doors. I freed all of them.
	“Why were you all put here?” I quickly asked as we started running down the hall. For one reason or another, they were all immune to the chemicals that the brain emitted. The brain wanted to study them and figure out how to defeat their bodies, so it would know how to better counter other worlds with similar problems. There were two boys and three other girls. All were about my age. 
	“What do you guys think is our best chance of actually getting out of here? There’s going to be gaurds at any second. Do we split up and hope that at least one of us evades him?” I asked. 
	“We should stay together for now at least. Maybe our combined might can keep us alive, instead of fending for ourselves.” Said one of the guys. 
	“I know a way out, I was semi-conscious when they brought me to my cell, I think I can bring us to a hangar.” Said one of the girls. Right as she said it, a guard came from behind a corner of a coming hallway. Before my reflexes snapped, the girl who had been talking jumped and kicked him right in the face. 
	“This way,” she said. 

	The next few minutes we ran through the halls. Occasionally the girl would stop at a fork and think for a second before deciding which way was the right one to go, but always right before guards showed up. The other kids were surprisingly good with martial arts. We were all knocking out the guards left and right. I didn’t know these kids, but I already trusted them. When we reached one fork and the girl stopped, I started to think. And then I remembered. 
	“The flash drive!” I smacked my forehead in horror. 
	“What?” the others asked in a sort of unison. I started running away.
	“I need to grab something. If you make it to the hangar before I do, you can leave without me.” I said. 
	“We can’t-”
	“Do it!” were the last words I said to them. 

	I ran hall past hall looking for the right door. My lungs were dying, but I didn’t care. If we were going to defeat the brain alien for sure, I needed that formula. I ran by countless guards. But I knew that they were all real humans, people behind the strings. If I hurt them, I would be hurting innocent people. I couldn’t bring myself to do it, so I just kept on running faster. Dodging more laser blasts, evading bigger and bigger mobs. 
	Finally, I found the room. I recognized the door from the last time I stole the drive. This time I opened it, got the flash drive and got out faster than any of my practice times. 
	But it was soon back to running. My lungs were starting to burn with the heat of thousands of suns. I knew I’d be lucky to make it out alive, but humanity needed the formula. 
	I turned around to see the hoards of people chasing me. They didn’t ask for any of this, this was forced on them. The brain was working on them, and they all had stern faces pointed at me, but I knew that inside they were all people. Torn from their lives to fight an unfair fight. Just like me. 
	I heard a laser shot graze my leg, erupting in pain. I started a form of limp running, But I knew they would catch me in barely seconds. Just as I heard them about to reach me, two of my friends from the other cells, who came out of different hallways showed up and started going martial arts all over the place. A third one came and supported my other leg and I made better time. 
	A few hallways later, we were at a hangar. It reminded me of the hangars from Star Wars, with the whitish laser wall separating the pressurized gas from the outside, and a large, square hatch to leave. The ships were weird, though. They were just giant eggs with guns and loading ramps. One was in the air, and soon after we were clear of the hallway, it shot the door, locking it shut. It turned around and lowered a ramp lowered down for us to run into the ship. And seconds later, we were gone. 

	I sat down on the wall and just sat. I closed my eyes and decided to rest for a bit. But as I closed my eyes, I moved my hand to my pocket to reassure myself with the knowledge that we had the flash drive. But it wasn’t there. I didn’t want to do anything about it, but I knew there was no point in all of that, losing my friends, escaping, and all of the running if I didn’t have the flash drive.
	“We need to turn the ship around right now.” I said to the pilot. 
	“We can’t turn around. We’re getting shot at, so they might hit us, and even when we get back they’d be in the hangar waiting for us.” She said. 
	“We can’t leave until we have the flash drive.” I said.
	“Don’t worry, we can get the formula later. Once we regroup and we’re ready for another assault.” Said another guy. How did he know it was a formula? Instantly sensing danger, I made sure to maintain the same stern and angry face I had with the girl as I turned to face the guy. I faked thinking about it, then said,
	“You know what, you’re right. I just hope we can get it fast. Before he’s able to destroy it.” I said. Everyone nodded. My instincts were going crazy, and it was so hard not to just start fighting all of them. But they were all my equals in martial arts, so trying to hurt them wouldn’t work. 
	“So, what’s everyone’s name?” I asked, sitting back down at the same spot by the wall. The two other boys' names were Ryan and Austin. The girl who was flying the ship was Sammy, and the other two girls were Mallory and Shanda. I kept a close eye on Ryan throughout the flight. Soon we landed on a moon or asteroid.
	“We’ve lost ‘em. Let’s lay low here for a while.” Said Sammy. I stood up and looked around. There was a closet near the back, which I decided to check out. Inside was a space suit. A light bulb went off. I walked up to the dashboard and glossed over the controls.
	“How did you figure this all out so fast?” I asked. I wasn’t interested in what she had to say, but saying that made it a good excuse to come over. I looked at her like I was listening, but I was actually looking at the dashboard looking for the button to open the ramp, but more importantly how to override the safety mechanism designed to not open it when there was zero outside atmosphere.
	She kept on blabbering, but I wasn’t listening. I found the button and then paid attention to her. She was talking something about where she had learned the maneuvers she used to dodge the lasers. 
	When we were done, I walked around, thinking. Ryan asked me what was going on, and I said, 
	“Thinking about how we’re going to get back in there. After this, security is going to be much tighter.” I said. He nodded, and I kept on pacing. I had almost not had a lie ready when he asked, but I was able to think of one fast. In reality, I was thinking about how to get the suit on and open the spaceship airlock without being suspicious. 
	I had a hard time thinking of a solution, especially if they were probably already on to me. If I tried on the suit, they would be on me in milliseconds.
	“I got it!” I said half-aloud and half to myself.
	“What?” asked Ryan, stepping forward. I didn’t respond as I started checking the drawers on the wall. He walked to me and asked again,
	“What are you doing?” 
	“I’m looking for some tools to break into the spaceship,” I said. In reality, I was looking for any sort of jar of ink or other liquid substance. After a few drawers, I found one. Ryan noticed my satisfaction when I picked it up.
	“What do you need that-” I jerked open the jar and splashed some of it on Ryan’s eyes just in the moment he least expected it. He yelled and took a step back. I took advantage of the moment to slip my hand into his pocket and pull out the flash drive. Everyone else in the room started rushing to me, ready to beat me up, but I pressed the button on the back of the flash drive, and I threw the tablet on the ground. A plume of purple smoke filled the room. And everyone stood around, confused. I didn’t waste any time explaining to them, because at any second the chemical would wear off and they would start beating me up again. I ran to the space suit and slipped it on. It took less time than I expected, but it still took fifteen, to twenty seconds. Once it was secured, I ran to the dashboard of the spaceship and looked for the button. 
	I was perfectly aware that ejecting them would be killing innocent lives. One moment they were living their lives, and then a green gas filled the air, and this was the next thing they remembered. None of them deserved death. But at any second the brain would come back, and I couldn’t subdue all of them. I had checked and there weren’t any escape pods either. I had to get away and mass-produce the chemical for the overall good of humanity. It was a small price to pay, but I knew what I had to do. I pressed the red button, and it felt as if the ship tilted and gravity turned, but it was all of the air outside of my suit flying out of the ship. 
I turned to see the cabin empty, so I closed the door. 


…


I awoke back on earth. It was a place I recognized, but I couldn’t place it. I knew it was from before my memory was wiped, but that was everything. It was a home of some kind, two stories, and several rooms. I was cooking myself some scrambled eggs. After several weeks on the run, I could use a break. 
As I sat down to eat, I pulled out the flash drive and twirled it in my hands a few times. This was the cause of everything. It was the only reason the alien was chasing me. I was confident that if I made a deal with the alien to stop chasing me if I destroyed it, it would agree and I could live the rest of my life in peace. I would never be truly happy though. 
But it was also humanity's last chance. If I ever wanted to discover anything about my past, I would have to free my acquaintances who were trapped by the mind-numbing alien. So my past could have been, (metaphorically at least) been locked inside the flash drive. 
I didn’t know whether or not I would succeed in bringing down the alien. But I knew I had to die trying. For some reason I didn’t understand, I wanted so much more to know who I was, than to run from it. 

I plugged the drive into a dusty laptop and opened the file. The file of the exact recipe and instructions were in a document too complicated for that laptop to open, but inside the file was another document giving some basic necessary ingredients and information about the cure, and how to produce it. I started working. I didn’t have over half of the ingredients, but I could get started.
