Written By Gavin Jones, Nery Muniz, Mikel Betts, Aiden Richards, Hayden Angus, and Joshua Hill

It was a dark and stormy night in the dungeon where I lay. Then it suddenly changed to day. I thought that it was another seemingly normal occurrence, as I am new to this weird world, but I was wrong. I thought it was another one of those lightning bolts that lit up the entire sky for minutes at a time, but apparently it was actually daytime. I figured that out after it lasted longer than a half an hour, that’s the longest time recorded for a lightning bolt to light up the sky, I’ve been told.
My name is beans, no capitalization, I renamed myself after my parents named me Jace, what a loser name.
I screamed for the guards to ask about it, since they know I have literally no knowledge at all about anything from this world. But none came to answer my question. Only later would I discover that they were all dead from fighting creatures of the dark. This world is starting to be taken over by the Darkness, the very same evil that destroyed my world.
I was lucky to make it out of there and survive. It’s too bad none of our best warriors made it out alive, they refused to enter any of the rocket ships we’ve recently been working on. They always wanted to die defending their home, and it seems they’ve gotten their wish. They died an honorable death. At least, most of them did. There were a few that the Darkness took captive and fused with to control them. I could only assume it was a more difficult process than would have been done with an animal.
There were thousands of darkened animals involved in the storming of my home, but very few humanoid shapes, which I can only assume is because they were the ones with the weakest of wills from a highly intelligent species, so they were probably the easiest to turn.
Now I was here in the dungeon, waiting for something to happen. I got up and paced around the room. The walls were cold and damp from being somewhere underground. There was a window, a barred passageway leading all of the way up to the surface. That’s how I knew what time of day it was. I couldn’t tell how far it was, but it was too small for me to crawl through. 
That only left one escape—the front door.
I couldn’t just wait until some sort of translator could come and I would warn them about the Darkness. I had to tell them now. Or else their world would be taken. I reached into my hair and dug around for a bit until I found a stray paper clip. The past few days had been such a mess in organizing the escape effort, that my hair was a junkyard of random accessories. 
I made sure the guards were looking the other way, playing cards on a table at the end of the hall, and proceeded to pick the lock. I worked hastily, but silently as to not warn the guards of what I was doing.  In five or six minutes, it popped open with a loud click. I stepped back from the entrance so they wouldn’t see me. I cursed under my breath as I heard one of them stand up. Quickly, before he turned around, I arranged the lock as if it was locked, putting the lock in place, but not fully locking it. I put the paper clip back in my hair and sat at the back wall. The guard gave me a good stare and I sneered back at him. He said a few words in his native tongue and walked back. I waited a few moments, then took the lock off. I looked over and saw the men still playing cards. I slowly opened the door. I put my hand on the single hinge, absorbing the vibrations of any potential squeak. Once I was out, I closed it, just as carefully as I opened it, put the lock back on, and ran out. 
The next few minutes were a blur, as I ran hall through the hall, opening doors, closing them. The occasional guard was quickly silenced with a blow to the gut or neck. Eventually, I opened the final door and a blast of light and fresh air overcame all of my senses. I ran out, and a few guards called after me. I was barely able to make out buildings everywhere. I ran down alley after alley until I was sure I had lost them. 
I looked around and saw a boy looking at me, hiding from me behind a barrel. I looked at him and smiled.
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to hurt you.” the boy slowly got out from behind the barrel. I got a better look at him and saw that his eyes were dark, straight black. My heart dropped. I thought back on it, and all of the guards' eyes were black too. The Darkness had already reached this planet. 
I reached for my hair, hoping to find something, but it was too late, she was here. My mother had come for me. She was already disappointed enough that I was in summer school. How would she react to me accidentally unleashing a monstrous parasite of mass destruction on our home planet and then running away to get locked in the dungeon of another one? Or worse, would she hit me with the slipper? Oh only the thought of what would happen to me brought shutters. The confusion and nausea became worse as my mind ran but my legs didn’t, what to do or where to go? Then the air in front of me started moving and shining as I stepped towards it. It started to look like fabric, it was strange but before I could stop myself I walked straight into it, and everything went black. 
I woke up to a freaky looking thing staring at me, I screamed, it screamed, I tried to gather my emotions, “Hi” I said in a very shaky voice, it tilted its head and jumped away. As I got up I saw the Darkness, It was everywhere, then all of a sudden, my mother and five other guards stepped out of a darkened spot on a building. Her eyes filled with rage, she screamed at her guards to get me, I ran the other way, but terrifyingly they were already there. The Darkness must have given them some sort of magical powers, teleportation being one of them. Then guards materialized around me, my mom stepped into the circle “How about we go home?” She said in her usually comforting voice but something was off about her, it had a nasty sting to it, every word was like a bee sting. As I was about to walk to her and go back to the dungeon, a bright light exploded in between me and my mom, it was a small boy with long dark hair, though unkempt, he looked healthy, he was fit for his size and had a warm smiling face, then it hit me, he was exactly how I thought Jack from the Tales of The Jungle, one of my favorite books, looked like. He grabbed my arm and everything went black. 
	I woke up to an unfamiliar voice “You humans are not very good at traveling, are you?” I opened my eyes and Jack was sitting there cooking food over a fire. “Where are we?” I asked, looking at the purplish sky as a floating fragment of a building drifted by, “The Sandbox,” he replied “it’s the place inbetween worlds, only very powerful people can come here.” It was weird it seemed as though I could hold my breath forever, I felt weightless. It was strange, I sat up and started to drift, as I started to fill with panic, Jack grabbed me and pulled me down to the very large concrete slab he was sitting on, “It takes a little while to get used to” He said “But it is really easy to get the hang of, just don’t push on anything and you should be fine” “When are we going to leave?” I asked “That is completely up to you” he replied “You are the one that brought us here, so you get to say when we leave.” Just then a hole was ripped open to the left of us, the bigger it opened the more physics seemed to return, “Dang it!” Jack said as he walked over to it grabbed both sides of the hole and forced it closed, as soon as he did the weightlessness returned and things went back to being very strange. He walked back and continued to cook, “But you grabbed me,” I said, “Dude, I'm not real.” He said “ I’m imaginary,” Just as I opened my mouth a blaring sound filled the Sandbox. “Time to go!” Jack said, vanishing. Then I woke up.
	My dad was shaking me, “You're late for school!” I jumped up and got dressed and finished breakfast. As I was heading out of the house I walked by the picture of Mom, she had died five years ago, she was a police officer. She had been killed in a shoot-out with a gang. Every so often we got rides with other officers.
While yes, we did get rides with the other police officers, it didn’t feel the same as being with Mom.  It took a while to get to the school, but eventually we did make it, although the Darkness was still closing in and all of us were beginning to be worried. “Don’t worry about it too much.” I said. To think that I still remember that gruesome incident many years ago. To think that I was the main reason for this planet getting enclosed by an indomitable force… I feel as if it was too much to handle for the sake of my own life. Traveling between planets and ending up with the same result… I think I might have an unbreakable curse inside the womb of my heart. 
	I originally meant for the womb thing to be a metaphor, but then I remembered something. Years ago, before the Darkness even existed, I was a rather nasty person. I gave my parents an attitude, I felt very strong emotions of hatred, desire, and jealousy all at once, directed at anyone who encountered my path. Could it be? Could my heart’s emotions have given birth to the Darkness? All I knew was that I was fooling around in a science lab during a ridiculous field trip I never wanted to participate in and then I broke some chemical tubes and spilled them on myself.
Afterward, I felt stronger, yet weakened at the same time… Likely a result of the birth of the Darkness. The strength was probably from the Darkness being a part of me, while also trying to separate from me at the same time, which is where the weakness likely came from. At least, that’s my best guess as to what happened.
I finally arrived at school for the day. You would think that while there’s a close to indestructible force of evil actively destroying a world from the inside, schools would be closed. But no, education is very important. So important, in fact, that there’s not even such a thing as a Darkness drill, as it would distract from our studies that we would never apply to real life scenarios.
Aside from that important note that I always found the current education system to be ineffective and rather detrimental to most students, time to focus on the important things. I have super powers. Not really, but kind of. When the Darkness was removed, it was like a waterfall of built up knowledge that I never seemed to retain just began to flow right out of me. Now I can memorize basically anything super quickly. It really makes school easy to pass. But what it also does is leave me room for easy trial and error tests without ever having to write anything down.
I may or may not have a sample of the Darkness in a canister in my room right now, waiting for me to test on it. What I’m trying to do is make some sort of anti-Darkness, which I will refer to as the Light. I want to try mass producing it and using it to destroy the parasite that the Darkness has become.
Our planet’s orbit has been disrupted by the Darkness, which has been using our world as a sort of transport, using our resources to keep it alive long enough to move our planet toward another one that would be similar to ours, hosting life. There, it would finally destroy our planet, as there’s no need to use its resources anymore, as they were all sapped up already, and then it would use the next one in the same way. At least, that’s what my research suggests.
I’m getting so close to cracking the key on solving my little Light problem, but I haven’t been able to reach it quite yet. But I have hope. While at school, I’m brainstorming solutions to try and new methods to attempt to make an effective cure. Here’s the greatest one I’ve come up with yet: distilling photons into a solution to combine it with the Darkness in order to have the light acting as a parasite, and the Darkness acting as the host.
And since the Darkness has a tendency to grow if given enough resources and time, the Light should as well. They would have the same properties, but be polar opposites, and the Light would be controlled with more limits on abilities. For example, the Light will not take over the planet, as I’m going to make its only food source the Darkness. Once the Darkness is defeated, the Light will eventually fizzle out and die. The Light will not take unwilling subjects and turn them into an entity whose only purpose is to feed and destroy. It will take completely willing volunteers and give them boosts to their natural abilities and leave their minds and souls completely intact.
I believe I’ve got it! If I can somehow manage to distill the essence of light itself, I could very easily combine it with the Darkness! The only really difficult part, besides the distilling of light, should be the placing of limits. I don’t know how I’m going to make those limits happen, but I sincerely hope I am able to, otherwise everyone will probably die and I’ll get punished in the afterlife for unleashing the cause of the end of the entire world and likely many other planets just like ours.
I sat in my room after I made it back from school. I knew what I was going to do. I would bring my canister of darkness to the power plant. That would give me enough power to distill the darkness with light. I had a flashlight on me rated for one hundred thousand watts, bought from the black market. I looked at the thermos where the darkness was held. wondering if what I was about to do would get me in any trouble. Even thinking about these things might bring the authorities. But I knew what I had to do. I had to cure the world from this disease. Even if the world tried to stop me. I grabbed my light, the thermos, and a few electrical wires. I shoved them all in a backpack and jumped out my window. 
It was after dark, past my bedtime, but I wasn’t tired. I ran across the street, careful to be in the least light possible. I jumped my neighbor’s fence and crossed a few more streets until I was in the main city. I saw the powerplant a few blocks away, a big building labeled, Nowheresville Power. I began walking there, when some lights turned on in the street, putting me into a perfect view of the driver. I remembered that it was after curfew and if any cops caught me, I would be done. Not only with my current endeavor, but the dark would be taken away and the world would die. I stood there frozen like a deer staring into headlights as I thought about what I should do. 
Could I talk the officer down? What would I tell him? Could I run? Which direction would I go? Could I outrun the cop to the power station and lose him there? Should I make a diversion? Suddenly I had it. I knew all of the other options wouldn’t work, cops were too smart and fast for anything I would try. I took a deep breath and raised my hands in defeat. The cop got out, with a bewildered look on his face.
“Normally you teenagers run.”
“I’ve got nothing to hide, I was just hanging out. Here you can search for me.” I said as I held the backpack out. He walked over to me with one hand where his gun was. He grabbed the pack and unzipped it. He got out the flashlight and wires and set them aside. But when he pulled out the thermos, I squirmed involuntarily, even though I was planning on showing suspicion anyway. He looked at me, then back at the thermos. In a second I was on him, shoving him away and wrenching the thermos away. He was a few feet away, so I opened the thermos. Just a bit. Some darkness came out, and I shut it. There was still plenty of darkness, but now it would fight the cop. It ignored me because I was in the darkness, and went to the cop like a dark floating cloud of ink. He screamed and fell back as it entered through his mouth and nose. But I didn’t see any of it. I was already running to the plant, and I didn’t have time to waste on something I’ve already witnessed many times before.
I was going to the plant a few seconds later with all of my gear. I tried a door, and it came easily. Apparently, the curfew order had made security chillax. I went in and found myself inside a dusty, smoky room that smelled like coal. I walked over to an electrical box. I set up the wires to power the light. I would have to time it right, where I would open the thermos, shine the light in, and then close it before it got out. I got ready. Suddenly the door was open, and the guard was there, black eyes and all. 
“You want to destroy me.” it said in its all too familiar voice. Memories came back.
“You’re a menace. I have to.” I set everything down and looked for a weapon.
“Oh, you can’t. Because, beans, I am you. We are the same. If you destroy me you lose an irreplaceable chunk of your life. And of course I can’t destroy you, that would destroy me.”
I sat there, my mind numb. I looked at the setup, then back at him. I could feel what he was saying, echoing throughout my soul and I knew he was right. But even if I lost a part of me, I knew what was right. I kicked him back. I timed it when he wasn’t ready, so he tripped and fell on his back. I rushed to the setup, unscrewed the lid, and clicked the on button, pointing the light into the thermos. Even though it was in the thermos, there was a giant flash, enveloping everything I could see. Then my vision went dark.
The darkness began restricting my movement, and I thought about what it said, that it was a part of me. Too bad for it that the part of me that I’m going to lose wasn’t all that important, as it felt like a parasite even before it separated from me. When it was a part of me, I felt miserable and like I didn’t belong in my own body. Now that the Darkness has been expelled from me, I can already feel the purifying effects of leaving my past behind. Hopefully I’ll feel even better when I finally destroy it.
I kicked and pushed and shoved within the Darkness, but it was too powerful, or so it thought. I knew it was reading my journal, so I acted as though my little Light project wasn’t complete, and I detailed where I was going to finish my project so I could trap it, it was going to require me to take it elsewhere. To finish the project all I needed was a bigger sample size of the Darkness, and now I’ve got it.
This whole power plant has been abandoned for years, ever since I made my little adjustments to turn it into what was originally supposed to be a hang out place for my old gang, before I left them. But now it’s my lab, and it has multiple cells to contain any Darkness that gets near.
I activated a field of pure energy to surround the power plant. I was going to need it if I wanted to make proper progress, and it would slow down the Darkness. The energy would be too high for it to survive, at least until it adapts. Luckily, the Darkness is rather slow to adapt, considering how powerful it already is.
I continued my path to victory, it was getting so close I could almost taste it! All I needed to do was destroy this Darkness and save the world from its control! I began constructing the cure to this world’s sickness. I’m not going to write the recipe in this journal yet, just in case there’s another sort of Darkness, perhaps caused by me again, perhaps by someone else.
It could totally be possible for the Darkness to sprout from me again, as destroying it would likely release all of its energy, which would have some of the intent of the Darkness remaining a part of it, almost leaving a moral stain on it that can never be removed. It already did that to me, leaving me guiltless for my actions.
This moral stain on the energy would be far worse, as it would fight to survive and rebuild the Darkness, possibly going to the source of its origin, meaning me. Then it would draw power from me until it’s powerful enough to separate again and complete its mission. It would be made immune to the effects of the Light, as it would have already experienced it and adapted, almost like an immune system within the parasite.
This is my most likely theory of what would happen if I allowed it to survive as even just energy. I have to do something similar to the process I used to distill light, so I can keep the energy that the Darkness was made out of away from having the potential to take over again.
I used an acid to threaten the Darkness long enough for me to close the cell door. The acid was very strong and very dangerous, and I probably shouldn’t have had it, but I did. I may have used some power from this very plant to be able to create the formula for this acid, for this very purpose. I already found some of the Darkness’s weaknesses, so I pushed it back and closed the door.
Immediately, I began experimenting on the Darkness to find compatible molecules that would be able to fuse together with relative ease. There were exactly 69 compatible molecule types all together, so I began by fusing those with the Light. It was already coming together, I could see the progress being made! Then someone did something very foolish, they broke into my power plant.
I wasn’t expecting them, but I wasn’t completely surprised to see them. They’ve been trying to stop me from reaching my full potential for years. I call them The Doctors. They’ve been trying to get me to stop developing my symbiote for ethical purposes. I don’t particularly care for ethics all that much. I’ve been developing the perfect partner to help me fix this corrupting world for years, and I’ve finally figured out just how to do it!
I can finally create a true symbiote, rather than this wretched parasite I’ve accidentally unleashed on the world. Sure, I could have destroyed the parasite at any moment, it’s called a fail safe, but it was much easier to research the possibilities by watching it in action. This Darkness protects me already, as it thinks it’s earning its freedom, but I’ve just kept it alive long enough for my little symbiote to finally be able to form a proper symbiosis with a host.
I was almost done with my creation, but they were closing in on me! I needed to stall long enough for the fusion to be complete! The separation may have broken my sanity, but my mind was just as smart as ever! Most everything leading up to this moment was intentional. So intentional that I was even able to set up a trap in case the Doctors got any mysterious clues about my location. I can assure you that I had nothing to do with their little anonymous tip, I swear it!
I opened up the hatch in the ground and watched as these self proclaimed “heroes” fell down and into my trap. It should take them a long enough time to get out for my synthesis to finally be complete, but I have a few backup methods to stall them, just in case.
After about 45 ish minutes, give or take, the synthesis was complete! Nothing could stop me from fixing this world now! I was just about to use it but a Darkened fly came soaring at me, knocking the synthesis out of my hand to the ground where it shattered. I was looking back at my back-ups but the Darkness had already gotten to them. The hope in my body was lost, nothing could fix the world now. I fell to my knees, and the Darkness approached me. It wrapped a slimy, black tentacle around my waist and took me up to the sky. It formed a head next to me, “Look at what you have done, if you wouldn’t have tried to stop me the world would fine,” It said pointing to the mass destruction as a result of creating the synthesis. “You could have stopped all this.” “You were going to ruin the world!” I said “No, I was going to live here with humans. I was not going to ‘ruin your world’, I was going to simply live here, nothing more nothing less.” It replied “Your world is now in ruins, because of you.” I felt terrible, I opened my soul and let the Darkness in, once it took hold my vision faded until it was black, and it never came back.
Until there was a flash of bright, white light, and I was back in the sandbox. This time there was gravity, and I was smashed flat against a solid block of concrete. Jack walked over to me. He looked at me, our eyes trying to read each other's emotions for several seconds. He sat down and said,
“How well do you understand the dynamics of the sandbox?”
“It must be my dreams or something.” I said.
“Almost. This is your soul. This is the last place that the darkness hasn’t fully conquered.” 
“But wasn’t the darkness born here? In the heart of all of my emotions? Wouldn’t it be everywhere?” 
“No. it got so nasty in here, that your soul expelled all of the darkness. That’s why you’re not struggling with those emotions over your mother's death anymore because those feelings left this place to destroy the world.”
“So how do I keep the world safe from the darkness, while not becoming a monster myself?” Jack looked at me and put it simply.
“You can’t.” 
	I thought about it. Would I sacrifice myself or the world? How would I destroy it? What did I want to do?
	“How much of the darkness could I fit in my soul? Or the sandbox?”
	“The whole thing. It has grown, but your soul can still withstand the power of it’s emotions.” Jack sat on his back and stretched his arms.
	“Then how would I get rid of it when It all comes in here?” I asked.
	“You could either go through a very intense therapy session really fast, or you would have to get rid of yourself. When it comes in, you will grow superhuman powers. You’ll have to fly into the sun to kill yourself, and also the darkness.” I thought about what Jack said for a long time. To save the world I would have to die. 
	“Let’s do this. How do I let it in?” 
	“You let it.” Jack disappeared. I closed my eyes and opened my feelings. My thoughts were a blank slate. And then the darkness came. It was cold, like jumping into a glacial lake, concentrated into a needle driving into my neck. My first instinct was to reject it, but I pulled it through. I began to see my mom, smiling at the end of a long tunnel. And then she was dead. My heart ached and continued to ache more and more until I opened my eyes and saw full blackness. Then it came through, a vision of the planet, the darkness getting peeled back like a wet rag on a tile floor, it started screeching, reaching for Earth but it was getting sucked in too fast for it to grab anything. Then it was over. It was all in my soul now.
	I opened my real eyes, waking up to where the fly had hit the thermos out of my hands. My thoughts were clouded with despairing words echoing in my head. I had lost my mother. I wanted to end all of it. I looked up and saw the sun. I jumped and flew towards it at the speed of light. As I excited orbit, I hit a satellite and it started to fall back to earth. The sun grew bigger and bigger until eventually, the heat enveloped me, and my mind, as well as everything else, went blank. 
	Meanwhile, down on earth, David was waiting in line to drop off his letter. When a satellite fell out of the sky and destroyed the post office.
My eyes opened, cracking after being shut for so long. I was covered in dust. I looked around, the place seemed familiar to me but I couldn't put my finger on it, then it hit me like a train. I was in the Sandbox, Jack materialized in front of me, “Back so soon?” he asked “How am I back here?” I asked  “Don’t ask me, I have no clue” he said “But you knew how to destroy the darkness, how do you not know how I am here?” I asked “I do have a couple of suspicions, but nothing can be proved” he replied “What are some of those suspicions?” I asked “Well, I think that when the entirety of the darkness was sucked in here, it gave you the power to fly but there are other powers, and I think that one of those were materialization, so you made this place when you died and as a result your mind and identity was teleported here.” He said. My mind was racing, I am now an intelligence? How is that possible? I had so many questions but before I could ask Jack sayed, “Well you don’t age here so you should have your powers forever, so let's get to training!” He grabbed my hand and took off, dragging me behind him. Once we reached a spot that he deemed good. He asked “Can you think of a butterfly, but real?” So I closed my eyes and pictured a big blue butterfly, flying by before landing on a Cat Tail at the edge of a pond. I opened my eyes and there it was a big blue blob beating its so called wings. I was horrified, and judging by the look on his face Jack was too. After a little while and many more creations, I could do it with my eyes open now and it didn't take much effort. By the end of the ‘day’ I was able to do it while walking and sometimes while running. 
	After about a week of training it was easy, I could do it anytime, anywhere. It was second nature to me, Jack seemed to like my new found power, he would ask me to make huge platforms and buildings for him to work in, I would sometimes get to see what he was working on, most of it seemed to be stuff that would help him figure out how the Sandbox still existed. I spent my days making random stuff like a city where I ruled, that was fun until Jack found out, then he made me unmake it. But he gave me plenty of leeway, I was still able to make stuff that I thought were cool and fun. Every so often I would make something that he didn’t like and I had to remind him that I could destroy his labs with a simple thought, that seemed to shut him up for a little while.
	I began training myself to fight. I created an arena and multiple enemies and various weapons to train myself in the Art of War. Sun Tzu would truly be proud of my progress. I learned the most effective ways to attack an enemy from their weakest points. First thing I do against any opponent is assess their skill level and strengths. I do a little dance with them, if you will. I avoid their attacks, but assess the power, strength, and skill level required to pull off a move such as the one just used against me.
	Then, I match the most effective counters to their attacks and keep them at the top of my mind and almost keep them ready as a reflex, all I have to do is keep my mind clear enough that I can stop myself from doing it when it would put me in a detrimental position. And finally, I attack the opponent with my own attacks after getting a feel for their fighting style and figuring out counters to it.
	Pretty soon I was trained in all forms of martial arts. I was like the villain taskmaster and more. My powers grew to be indescribable in power and might, so I had the thought to take over the world. Who would stop me? I was the only one holding me back. So I did, I called Jack over “Hey! Are you a real person or just something from my imagination?” “Something from your imagination, why?” Jack replied “Because” I said and in a flash he was gone, I imagined earth but just earth my body on earth and I was there standing beside my crippled body still smoking from the sun. I ran and touched it, it was a weird sensation like going over a really steep hill in a car or on a roller coaster. But soon enough I was in my body again. I felt so good to be back. My power felt stronger, but the next second I was screaming in pain writhing on the ground. I got a hold of life and forced myself to grow, I grew bigger and stronger with every second, soon I was taller than most adults. I imagined some awesome looking clothes on myself and I was not disappointed. It was like the ‘Black Mamba’ from the show Megamind. I took to the skies flying faster than I ever had. I imagined huge terrifying monsters that would destroy the city. I imagined the human race enslaved to serve me. I imagined hundreds of monsters all at my command. Soon there was nothing left. I ruled over earth, then I got an idea, I would enslave other planets as well. I was so happy with myself for thinking of this idea. Just then the door to my chamber burst open and standing there were fifteen or so kids holding weapons that I had never seen before. Then they charged me.
	They were actually very tough for their age, I made catapults that launched them out of windows and doors, I made walls that blocked their path to me, I was now regretting making my castle out of real stuff because I can’t unimagine real stuff only stuff I make. As we were fighting I got an idea. I made myself invisible and walked up to one of them and whispered into his ear “You can have everything you ever wanted if you stand down and join me.” He looked at me and nodded so I grabbed him and flew over the walls. His friends looked up and screamed. I looked down and he was smiling, a horrific grin spread across his face. “I will have anything I want!” he shouted "I dropped him down in front of my chair and sat in it “So, what do you want?” “Can I be your general?” “Done, anything else?” “Can I be the richest person alive?” “Done, anything else?” “Can I be like you?” That made me question, I had never tried to make a human into something, I had only tried to unimagine them. “I will try, it might hurt a lot.” “That's okay” he shouted in glee. I closed my eyes and cleared my mind and pictured him using my ability. He started to breath heavily then he started to scream, he twisted and jerked with the pain, and fell off the wall.



…..

	My name’s Daniel. I didn’t know what I was thinking, accepting the tyrant's offer. Before our attack, we had gone over a mental training session. We were told explicitly not to listen to a word he said, only to fight him until our last breath. I must’ve missed that part, because here I was, falling from the wall. I hit the ground and blew a crater, knocking me out of consciousness for a bit. 
	When I came to, I realized where I was, and the FCAW behind me. (The Final Children Army of the World) My impact had thrown people meters away. The return of the darkness had been prophesied, and our army had tried our best to stop it. The prophecy always spoke of another hero who would come at the darkest hour to fight the darkness and save the day. Now we discovered that his powers were more than we imagined, and no hero had shown up. 
	A voice came into my mind, a sharp sting. I winced. I realized that I had been blessed with the power of my darkness as I noticed my veins turning darker and darker with the rest of my body. I was the hero. I had the power to make my previous mistake of betraying my friends right by fighting the darkness, which was a person, a kid, this whole time. 
	Giant columns of stone flew from above me and into the army. I looked up to see the darkness, a kid, laughing hideously. His grin was ugly enough to destroy our army alone. 
	“Look at your failed efforts, you will never defeat me, I will rule the world, it will be mine, all mine! And of course, my general will get the moon also. Together we will destroy you!” He gestured at me and I suddenly realized that the army all looked at me. I had previously been one of their best leaders, and fighters, which was why I was chosen to go in first. They recognized me. To whom they used to look for hope, was now a traitor. And I had betrayed them. I decided to make it right. 
	As I looked up to think of a way to fight the kid, the darkness came into my mind, telling me to destroy the army. 
	“No, it’s my brain, you came in. My rules.” I forced the voice to shut up. The boy seemed to be materializing the columns out of midair. The whole castle had materialized out of nowhere when we showed up. So that meant that if I had the same power, I could do something similar. The prophecy also mentioned out of nowhere that electricity was an important piece of the puzzle, which flashed to the front of my mind. Could it be?
	I slowly brought clouds around the sky where we were. The kid was too distracted to notice, throwing columns everywhere. It hurt my brain incredibly and was very physically exhausting because I had no practice, but I got the hang of it relatively fast. When the time was right, I told the electricity to come down, and there was a violent flash of light and noise. I had struck him with so much power that people around me were thrown back with the wind and noise. When the light cleared, the boy was back to his normal self, without darkness. But as he was throwing columns, he was levitating above us to get better angles. And now he was falling to his doom. Was it the boy’s fault that this all happened, or did the darkness take over his mind? He fell steadily closer to the ground and would be going faster every second.
	beans is a retard. And so am I. I strapped a bomb to my chest, met up with him, and exploded us both. We both passed away. No matter how powerful he was, he couldn’t withstand the blast because of its power. I shrunk a nuclear bomb down to a size to fit inside my pendant. As I got close enough to him for what he believed to be a negotiation, I activated it and blew up the both of us, his base, and his country that apparently existed within the sandbox that he was ruling until he figured out how to rule the entire multiverse with his ability to travel through space and time. He has only gone to the sandbox by accident twice before he figured out how to do it at will. He was extremely close to cracking down on the ability to travel through the entire multiverse by the time I stopped him.
I raced over and caught him just before he hit the ground, I looked down and saw the face of my brother. He had gone missing 5 years ago when he didn’t come back from school one day. I gently sat him down and tried to wake him up, but my efforts had no yield. He was dead. I got angry with myself, how could I have killed my own brother? I asked myself, I grew a deep hatred for myself and I wanted to switch places. That's when a voice whispered “You can have your brother back” “How?” I asked frantically, “All you have to do is open your heart and gain your true power.” So I did, I was filled with hatred for myself but I couldn't stop it. It was like I had opened a floodgate and it wouldn't close. I instantly knew it was the darkness. I had to destroy the darkness. But this time for real. With my new power, I saw how my brother had tried to kill the darkness before. This time I had to do it for all of the potatoes. No more potatoes for the darkness. I spawned in my imagination, an item that was supposed to destroy the darkness. I have a single gun. The darkness destroyer. The darkness screamed with so much force in my mind that I fell down. My head was pounding with the darkness. It didn’t want me to do this. I didn’t have control over my own body anymore, I couldn’t do anything. Neither could the darkness, We were locked in a mental war of who would have control over my body. I looked down and saw my brother, just waking up. He saw the struggle in my eyes, what I was trying to do. He grabbed the gun and did it for me. The voice of the darkness instantly died down into a quiet whisper, then eventually disappeared. Soon after, so did my conscience.
Then I woke up. I looked around and eventually saw a young boy, after a little bit of waking up, I got up and walked over to the boy. He looked familiar. “Hey! My name's Jack, what's yours?” He said with a slightly disturbing grin. 
I saw it. Hatred filled my head and I felt my muscles pulsing, beads of sweat touching the tips of my hair strands, fists quenched. I could barely lift my eyes to look at the wretched sight. The black ooze started to engulf the stairs leading to the basement where I am now. The darkness had taken over the neighborhood where I live. I took shelter in the basement but it looks as if this is the end. The black liquid had covered the entire ground I was trying to stand on high ground; however this was hard to manage in the basement. I stood on top of the metal chair my grandfather had given me for Christmas two years ago. I felt something touch my arm slowly but strongly. A chain of darkness pulled my feet to the floor, I tried to pull away but it was too strong. It held me still. Here I am with chains tying me to the chair. They squeeze me tighter and tighter, I scream in pain yelling at the top of my lungs as I get squeezed to death. 
The darkness wouldn’t go away. It seemed to be a simple fact of the universe, like physics. Light held it away for a short time, seeming like it killed it, only for the darkness to come back a short time later. Right now I was in some sort of dark void, cast here by the darkness when it won control over Earth. I sensed the darkness’s presence from time to time as if it was watching me, reminiscing over its victory. In this realm, floating in nothingness, time lost all meaning. So did my personality. Whether I was beans, David, or Daniel, didn’t seem to matter. I was all three. The darkness was obviously a force of evil. That much I knew. And I assumed that it came from the dark emotions in my heart. But how to defeat it, I didn’t know. I expelled the dark emotions in my heart creating the darkness, so I tried to bring it back into my heart and fly into the sun to destroy it. But the both of us ended up being revived. Maybe I was just as much of a simple fact of the universe as the darkness was. Meaning I could free myself, and triumph over the darkness.
Turns out I was wrong. Apparently I am the only person ever to exist, and I’m something past generations called “schizophrenic” the entire time. This has only happened in my head. I woke up after a zombie bit me, forcing my current mental situation to be cured, taking me out of the almost dream state I was in. Too bad the healing was only to make room for the zombie effects to kick in. Then suddenly, falling from the sky, was a post office.