Written By Hayden Angus

I was walking back from school when I walked by the Harken Manor, a massive mansion that was always rumored to be haunted, but I never thought so, it had never made sense to me, people go in and out all day long, but only kids don’t come out. The Manor was owned by Dr. Vlishiner, a German award-winning cancer researcher. I always thought something was off about him, he always was different, in the fact that he was always nice to adults, but he always despised kids, except for those who had matured, he liked those kids. He never particularly liked me, he always scowled every time he looked at me, And he would try to take me into the Manor like other kids, but he seemed to try harder with me than the other kids. Every day after school I walk by it, but today it seemed more terrifying than usual with Dr. Vlishiner sitting on the porch, his snake-like eyes glaring at me like it was a crime to walk on the sidewalk in front of his house. When I got home I walked up to my room, as I opened the door my eyes locked on the hiding spot for the board, this board was a simple quark board filled to the brim with pictures and hypotheses of what happens in the Harken Manor, sadly there are no child survivors to tell people what happens to the kids that go into it. Every adult I ask says that there is no difference between it and any other 18th-century house. But what never makes sense is the fact that parents can go in with their kid and walk out without him, unfazed, and when asked about their kid, they can’t remember that they even had a kid! And every other adult cannot remember the kid as well. Only kids can recall the child that has gone missing. All I can say is that whatever happens in that house, it has been perfected. 

	“None of it makes sense,” I said to James “No adult remembers their kid!” James, a boy my age who had an unusual obsession with the supernatural, had a strange look on his face, “Maybe we need to take it to the rest of the council.” He said, “That way we could get everyone's thoughts and opinions on it.” The O6 Council, a Council of kids that run the Harken Manor Investigation Organization (HMIO), used to be called the Supernatural Investigation Organization (SIO) but there isn't anything supernatural in town except the Harken Manor, so we changed it. The O6 Council is made up of 6 kids who go by many different names, James a fake to avoid Dr. Vlishiner his real name is Xeth. We all fear that if Vlishiner finds our real names, he will stop at nothing to find us. I go as Seth, Rex, Rowan, and George. However, my real name is Ethan, Ethan Monzingo. My parents have no clue that I run the biggest investigation organizations in the town. The council goes, Me as the head of the council, then James he’s my second in command, then Abby and Addy, who run all the money, then Nick, who is the spokesperson for the council, and last of all there is Oliver, he runs everything that the first five can’t or don’t. We don’t let anyone know our real names, not even each other. None of us were special, we never were at the top of our classes, in fact very few people even knew we existed, that's why I chose us to be the O6 Council, we could fly right under the radar of almost everyone, except our parents of course. “Okay,” I said, “We will ask the rest of them tonight.” James all of a sudden perked up, “What?” I said, “What's wrong?” “Nothing,” he said, “I just thought of a solution to your problem.” “What?” I asked, “What’s your solution?” “You will find out tonight,” James said with a grin. I always hated when he did that, which was often. He always had a mysterious kink to him, he never wanted to talk about stuff that the entire council should have a say in without them, which made sense, I wouldn't want to be left out of a conversation that should include me in it. 


Our conversation had died off by the time we reached our lunch table, already sitting there was the rest of the Council and a boy that I had never met before, “Rex,” I said offering my hand to shake, he took it,
 “I'm Eyan, Nice to meet you.” The others introduced themselves to Eyan. After lunch, as I was walking to my class with Abby and Addy I asked 
“Who was Eyan, and why was he sitting with us?” Abby responded,
 “ He came up and asked if he could sit with us, but the weird thing was he called me by my real name, ever since moving here I have known as Abby.”
 “ Do you think he was with Vlishneir?” I asked,
 “No, he didn’t seem to know anything about him.”
 “Okay, just be careful around him, maybe tell him that you changed your name after moving here and that you would be more comfortable with him calling you Abby.” I stated, “Okay, I was thinking that but I’m glad that you agree.” Said Abby. Then Addy caught up after getting distracted while talking to another friend,
“He looked at me like he had never seen me before though. Like we are twins! How can he know you but not me?”
 “I have no clue, but like I said just be careful with him,” I said
 “Ok,” Abby said. Just then my phone buzzed, it was my mom telling me that Dr. Vlishneir had invited us over for dinner. 


	I instantly responded with something about a party tonight that I was looking forward to, but she said that I had already been to three different parties this month and that she thought this could be a good way to get to know him better because he is always inside his house. But I panicked and said that I had to be at the party because I was the one in charge of snacks. She took a while to respond but eventually, she did and she said that she didn’t care if I had to bring the snacks, and that I needed to find someone else to bring them because I was going to this dinner. I couldn’t tell her that I was afraid that I would get kidnapped and used as a slave or something like that, she would send me to a mental hospital. That's when it hit me, I needed to go to the hospital. That was the only way I could get out of this. So that is exactly what I did. I think I may have gone too far, but I had to make sure I could not go to this dinner. I broke my arm. I purposely broke my arm to get out of dinner, the pain hit me like a bullet train, fast and hard. I started to scream and a teacher ran over to see what was happening. That's when she saw it, my arm hanging there like a dead fish, limp and bending in the middle of my forearm. I was immediately taken to the hospital where my mom met me, furious that this had happened on the day of her beloved dinner. I, on the other hand, was happy that this had happened on the day of her beloved dinner. 

	That night I was meeting with the Council through a Facetime-like software, where I was greeted with many “Are you crazy?”s and the same amount of “You are insane!” But I didn’t care, I was here and that's all that mattered. “Okay, we need to discuss the very big problem with all the disappearances, James you said that you had a solution,” “Yes, I do, what if while in the Manor, he secretly administers some sort of anesthesia, then he puts them into some sort memory wiping machine, deletes the memories and replaces them with happy memories without their kids.” “That could work, but how?” I asked,
 “That's the part I haven't figured out yet.” He said, drooping his head in defeat. Just then Abby chimed in,
 “What about that Eyan kid? He used my real name, he shouldn't know that! I haven't used that name in public since moving here!” She looked scared, something that doesn't happen often.
 “I have no clue who he is.” I said “Are you sure you have never met him before? Maybe in your old town?”
 “No, I have never seen or heard of him before!” She almost yelled, before calming down.
 “I am just worried that he might be from Vlishnier”
 “I am worried too, it’s weird that he can know your real name.” 
“Why are we not talking about you?” Oliver asked, “You broke your arm to get out of dinner!” “That dinner was going to be with Vlishnier!” I exclaimed, “If I didn’t I would be missing and no one who could help would think you were crazy!” The meeting kept going on and on about how we needed to get rid of Eyan and how we needed to keep Abby’s name safe. After a little while, I realized that it was already 10:00 PM. Abby and Nick were arguing about where funding should and shouldn’t go. He was asking for 50 more dollars a week for nicer clothes for meetings with people outside of the council, but Abby was yelling that he already had nice clothes. I butted in saying that 50 more dollars are not that much, but Abby turned on me yelling, “You always disregarded my opinion, ever since we were kids Ethan! You never cared about what happened to us. All you care about is that stupid manor.” I was shocked, she shouldn’t know my name, she knows Rex, not Ethan. She seemed to realize that as well she looked shocked that she said my real name. She stopped yelling, looked down, and started to cry. Thankfully Addy was there to hug her until she stopped. When she did she looked up,
 “I am so sorry Rex, I didn’t mean that.” The shock still wearing off,
 “It’s okay, we all mess up every day,” she interrupted,
 “But not like that, I said something I didn’t even know I knew.” That's when it hit me, we met last year. I was going under the name of Seth then, she couldn’t know my name. 


As I ran to her house I knew the rest of the Council was already there, they all lived close to each other. It was strange, my arm was already feeling way better than an hour before, I don’t know if that was because of the pain meds or the adrenaline. When I got there, Abby was sitting in a chair, tied, glaring at everyone there. When I walked into the room she opened her mouth to say something but Nick raised the remote in his hand that I presumed was connected to the shock collar on her neck, and she slowly closed it. We all sat in silence looking at Abby, and then Oliver broke the silence
 “What are we going to do? She attacked Addy and tried to attack me when I got here. She has gone mental, we can’t let her go and take her off the Council, she will go straight to Vlishnier”
 “What if we build a cement building where we can put her until we can find a way to make her normal'' I suggested 
“You want to put my sister in a cell until we can ‘cure’ her?” Addy almost screamed, blood still dripping down her cheek. 
“Yes, that way she can’t go to Vlishnier and she won’t stay tied to a chair,” I said Nick and Oliver looked sick to their stomachs, but they nodded,
 “That would work,” James said. Addy looked horrified that we wanted to put her sister in a containment cell, but the rest of us agreed. Then Abby screamed,
 “ETHAN '' Nick instantly shocked the living crap out of her. I walked over grabbing something from my pocket, it was a syringe filled with anesthetic I snagged from the hospital. I stuck it in her arm and squeezed, 30 seconds later she was out. Addy was sobbing, and me and the rest of the boys looked relieved. We carried her out of the house and towards James's home. James said that he had a shed that we could use, so we did. When we got there, Nick and Oliver grabbed some concrete from the garage and mixed it into a paste-type thing, then we slapped it all over the shed. Once it hardened we took Abby and put her in the chair and everything inside, so she couldn't hurt herself, then we locked it, with 5 padlocks all with different keys, we each had one, that way we all had to be there to unlock that shed. 


It was a couple of days after we had put Abby in the shed, we never talked about it around Addy. We were all afraid that something might make her start crying, we all knew this was very hard for her, but it was necessary. We made up a story about how Abby had run away and that she didn’t intend to come back, which was a load of crap, but if it was believable so we went with that. Ever since we announced that she had ‘run away’ Dr. Vlishnier had seemed to leave us alone, until one day, as I and James were walking back to our homes, Dr. Vlishnier was standing by the gate that prevented anyone from getting into his lawn, spic and span like always. He opened his mouth and for the first time he talked to us,
 “I am sorry about your friend, that is a real shame that some of them run away like that.” He said in a deep raspy voice.
 “Yeah it is, it has been real hard,” I said, and James nodded.
 “Well, all I wanted to say was sorry and I hope she comes back to her senses and comes home,” he said, he seemed to care about the feelings of me and James, he was different though like he liked us instead of glaring at us, he looked into our eyes, they were soft, caring. It was strange, but I liked it. Maybe he is going to leave us alone.
 “Well, you boys have a good rest of your day.” He said perking up,
 “You too,” we both said in unison. We started walking again and when we got far enough away James said,
 “That was very weird, he has never liked us.”
 “I know, it's like he cares about our emotional status.” I said, “Well, we better get to our houses and drop our stuff off, it's going to be the first time we open that shed, so we better be prepared.” 
“Yeah,” James said, “we better be prepared for sure.”

 When we all got to James' home, the keys were ready. We all unlocked the locks one at a time, then we opened the door, Nick had the collar remote ready just in case. As the door opened we caught a glimpse of Abby, a little girl curled up in the corner of the concrete-enhanced shed, she looked up, and pure hatred filled her eyes. She screamed and launched for Oliver, Nick slammed the button down on the remote and instantly she dropped to the ground writhing in pain. Addy screamed, 
“Stop!” Addy grabbed him and started shaking him, screaming “Stop, stop, please stop, stop please,” he looked at me
 “Stop,” I said, once he did I walked over took Abby by the arms, and forced her to stand up taking her to a chair and tied her to it, just as I finished the final knot her body jerked and she started screaming,
 “Ethan, Sam, Quinten, and Mickel, you are going to pay for this! Believe me, Eyan is coming for you, I am making him!” Her screams morphed into some type of horrifying laughter. Not a second later Addy was there covering her mouth with duct tape,
 “Put her back in there.” She screamed pointing to the shed. I grabbed the chair and put it back into the shed, closing the door and locking it behind me.
 “Lock her in there, and seal the food slot,” I said walking away. 

	After me and James got back to my house we sat down and talked for a little while,
 	“That was extremely weird,” James said “And why the heck did she mention Eyan, what does he have to do with this?”
 	“I have no clue,” I said exhaustedly. It was Friday, the weekend, no more school for two days, and more worries for life. 
“Eyan was that kid that sat with us at the table, right?” James asked, 
“Yeah he was, but nothing seemed off about him, he seemed like a normal kid, right?” I answered James looked down at the floor, I couldn’t tell if he was thinking or worrying probably both, like I was.
 “All I know is that we now need to stay away from Eyan, that means anything, switching tables at lunch, blending in more now than ever, and possibly going online or switching schools.”  
“Switching schools?” James asked, 
“Yes, if he is going to do what he's going to do, we better be ready for anything,” I said I hated saying it, switching schools was one of the worst things a kid could experience. Being forced to switch schools was forcing a kid to leave his friends, teachers, and relationships he had built up since he had lived there. Having moved many times it is horrible, it is like moving to a different planet. We sat in silence for a little while,
 “How's your arm?” He asked I had completely forgotten about it, 
“I don’t know whether it is the adrenaline or what, but it is feeling much better. It is weird though, I broke it six days ago and it already feels completely healed.” I said.
 “That is very strange,” James said with a confused look on his face “Do you mind if I take a look?” 
“No,” I said, “Go for it.” he grabbed my arm and felt around, 
“Yeah, it's completely healed.” He said, “But, that's impossible! Humans can’t just heal like that!” 
“You are freaking me out, dude,” I said, He looked at me, shock-filled eyes locked on mine. 
“You are a special one, dude.” Then he stood up ran to the bathroom grabbed the handle of my dad's draw opened it grabbed a fresh blade and opened it while running back he grabbed my hand and before I could stop him dragged the blade across my palm, pain shot through my hand and up my arm, 
 “What the heck dude, what was that for?” He said nothing, his eyes widened and locked on the hand, it was healing, by itself. In thirty seconds the wound had completely healed. 

	Over the next couple of days, we all started to show some sort of inhuman ability. I had extremely fast healing, James had insanely fast reflexes, Abby had become insanely smart, Nick was able to pick things up with his mind, and Oliver had super speed. We all found that if we are touching other people some of our powers are transferred to that person. 

	On the way to school, we passed by the Harken Manor again, like every day. But today was different, the lights were on inside, and Dr. Vlishner wasn’t sitting on the porch like he did every day. As we were he ran outside,
	“Hey! You are just the kids I want to see!” He shouted from his porch railing, “The gate is open, why don’t you guys just come in and we can have a chat?”
	“Ummm, we have to get to school,” I called out
	“That doesn’t matter, school is closed for the day.” He shouted 
	“I don’t think we should,” James whispered 
	“I know, but I don’t want to make him mad,” I whispered back
	“Well, why not?” I said, opening the gate. We got to his porch, hand extended he excitedly said,
	“I am so happy you decided to join me, I haven’t had most children over.” 
	“Yeah…” I responded. I took his offer and we shook. 
	“I can’t even imagine what your little friend is going through with the loss of her sister and all. My brother passed away fifteen years ago and I am still haunted by it.” He said. 
	“Why is school closed?” I asked, 
	“Oh, that was just a lie to get you in my home,” he said flinging his arms out and laughing. The room started moving down. Before James and I could react he shoved us into chairs that automatically locked us in. The room stopped and the front doors opened to reveal a huge room filled with steam and kids pushing huge carts of coal to massive furnaces in the back. Others were on top of huge platforms filled with pipes, dials, gauges, and more pipes. The chairs started moving toward the doors when we passed through I realized just how big this thing was. You couldn’t see 3 of the walls. The roof was glittered with shiny pipes sucking steam out. The chairs released us and then through us into the room with Vlishneir,
	“This one room powers the entire city and the city just north of us. These kids are the reason that you have had power for your entire life.” 
	“Why would you do this kids?” I asked 
	“Because you intolerable little jerks need to be punished.” He said slapping me. “And don’t ever speak out of turn again. If I want you to speak then you will be told to speak.” He said walking off. A very steampunk robot wheeled up to us, grabbing our arms he said,
	“You two will do just fine in the mines!” 
	“Why are you doing this to us?” I asked 
	“Because you are the worst thing that could have ever happened to this world!” It screeched in my ear. “Now shut up and get to the mines!” 
	Another robot, which looked the same except for a couple of dents in its head and torso, grabbed us and shoved us into an elevator that took us down. We went down for what felt like forever until we stopped making James and I stumble back. The door opened and another robot came in grabbed us and took us to a rack, 
	“Grab your size and get to work!” It screeched, turning its blackened head to go police other slaves. We both grabbed a couple of sizes and went to look for a changing room when we couldn’t find one we asked older kids walking back,
	“What a changing room?” he responded
	“You know, the small room where you can change in private.”
	“I think that you’ve gone crazy buddy, but don’t worry it’ll happen to everyone down here, the coal dust messes with you’re brain!” He said walking off. 
	“That was interesting, wasn’t it?” James said,
	“Yeah, it was,” I responded. “So, I guess we just change right here.”
	“Okay,” James said.
	After we had changed we were assigned a post to work at, I had no idea how long we had been down there when a siren’s scream echoed through the mine making me drop my pickaxe to cover my ears. After it stopped I picked up my pickaxe and followed the rest of the kids. After a while of walking, we came across a huge empty room that was now filled with kids. Elevator doors opened and a group went in, the doors closed for about 10 minutes before opening again, now empty. Group after group entered until it was our turn we walked on followed by six other kids. The doors closed and we started going up. After about 5ish minutes they opened again and the room filled with sunshine, it didn’t take long for the elevator to empty, everyone wanted to feel the warmth of the sun after being down there for who knows how long. 
	“Man, I thought that he was starting to become a good guy,” James sighed 
	“I know, I thought that he cared about us for a minute,” I responded. We all sat down on a patch of grass that was barely alive. We didn’t get to sit for long before a group of robots came up from the mines.
	“Get in!” They screeched in unison. We all stood up and got back in. The last kid had to run to not miss the doors. Five minutes later the doors opened up again and we all walked out into the mines,
	“Have you noticed that you don’t get tired?” James asked 
	“No, but now that you talk about it I haven’t gotten tired at all,” I responded 
	“That's because time doesn’t move at all here,” A random kid said as he was walking past, “I’ve been fifteen for thirty years.” 
	“How does that work?” I asked, 
	“Don’t ask me I have no clue!” He responded. Now running to his section.
	I was very confused now, I had no idea how long we had been down here. And what if that kid was wrong? What if we had been down here for hundreds of years?
	“Ethan!” James yelled in my ear, I snapped back to paying attention. James was shaking me as a robot was coming closer,
	“Get to your section and go to work!” It screeched in that annoying voice. James and I started walking towards our section. 
	“How long do you think it has been?” James asked, 
	“I have no idea,” I said in a wave of sadness. What if all my parents are dead? What if they aren’t and are now living their life without me? The questions just kept coming. 
As we walked up to our section no one was working, instead they were all grouped up together. 
“What's going on?” I asked  
“Shhhh!” a random kid said. As we got closer we could see a boy with a robot in a choke hold, ripping wires out of its head. Another kid had his hands pressed tightly over its speaker so it couldn’t talk. The robot was wriggling until the kid pulled one more handful out and it went dead.
A roar of cheers and shouts went up as the kids stood up and embraced the praise. Our guard was dead, we could do anything we wanted. For what seemed like for ever, we celebrated. Playing modifyed bowling, cornhole, and others that we made up. We were at the peak of our little party when the siren sounded. As we all walked back to the elevators I saw something very strange. There was a group of people, much to old to be kids, talking to each other in a circle. One looked up at me, his pericing blue eyes almost fully covered by a thick black cloth. I didn’t want to, but my darted in another direction. It was like I couldn’t control my own head. I walked into a elevator with James and we headed up. 
“Did you see those guys?” James asked, 
“Yeah, I didn’t want to but my head was forced to look away, it was weird.” I responded, 
“Same here,” James said. My head was racing with questions. I shoved them into the back of my mind where they couldn’t ruin my time outside.
The door opened and we were instantly hit the smell of burning things. We stepped out to see a red sky dotted with fighter jets firing bullets and missle at somthing we couldn’t see. Then it can into veiw, a huge godzilla looking thing came crashing down about a mile away. 
“How much time has passed since that last time we came out?” A kid yelled. But no one could answer that question because no one had any idea.
“Wait, what if we took parts of metal from the dead robot and left them out here, that way we could see how long it has been?” James asked, 
“That would work,” I said, that was a really good idea. The elevator door opened up and we rush inside it. We headed down, the doors opened and we all stepped out. Someone grabbed my arm and pulled me aside. I freaked out and started punching and kicking the person that had me but he didn’t let go. He slammed me into the wall and for the first time I got a good look at him. He was to guy with the blue eyes that looked at me,
“What did you see?” He asked, 
“What do you mean, ‘What did you see” I retaliated. 
“Just that, I need you to tell me what you saw up there.” He said, clearly not wanting to give up. 
“I don’t know what I saw, it was a giant monster that died.” I responded 
“Okay,” he said looking away. “Go to your section.” He said walking off. So I did, I went over to my section which had a new robot guard, when I saw that I got very mad. We went through all of that trouble for it to be replaced. I got to work along side James, swinging away at the stupid rock. When the siren sounded I grabbed a chunk of metal from the old robot we hid somewhere in the mines. We went up, and the door opened we stepped out into a peaceful green meadow, I turned to James, 
“Where did all the distruction go?” 
“I have no clue.” James responded. 
“We must spend a lot more time down there then we thought.” I said, dropping the chunk behind a rock. Turning around to head back to the elevator a tree whispered,’
“Get over here.” whipping my head around to face it, it whispered again, 
“If you want to know about the time then get over here!” I betrayed everything I was ever taught by my parents about strange things and took a step toward it.
