Written By Hayden Angus and Veldon Jones

It was a peaceful night with a small snowfall. When a knock came from the door, Mr and Mrs Plinck were used to this, it happened every year, exactly the same day, exactly at 10:00, every December 24. They opened the door and smiled at the sight of Mr. Nickolas.
 “What do you have to offer me?” He asked
 “How about a young little boy who has been very disobedient.” Mrs. Plink answered, 
“For him I can do one big gift, two medium gifts, and two small gifts.”
 “We’ll take it!” They responded in unison. 
So they traded, and thus began the life of Grady Plink, the boy who was sold to the jolly man we all know today as Santa Claus for a couple of gifts.
	Mr. Nickolas grabbed the doomed boy’s arm and walked off in the snow with him. Christmas colors lit the town in a false sense of joy and merriness. Grady fought Mr Nickolas for a while, but he was shoved face first into the snow to make him behave when they kept on going. Grady didn’t know where they were headed, but he was sure it wasn’t good. He had heard of others disappearing on Christmas eve, but there were only rumors to their whereabouts. Grady knew it couldn’t be good, he had to make it out.
Grady pointed to the other side of Mr. Nick and said, 
	“Oh look, it’s my friend Dylan,” Mr Nick jolted his head in that direction, hoping to see another free kid. But he saw nothing, as Grady was already six or seven meters away. 
	“Help! A fat man’s chasing me!” Grady sensed the not-so-jolly man’s rage. 
For such a large man, Mr. Nick was incredibly fit and quickly overtook young Grady.
	“There’s no escape now. And I’ll make sure you don’t get away this time.” As they approached Mr. Nick’s car a second time, Mr. Nick picked up Grady, and broke one of his ankles to keep him from running off again. Then he threw him in the back of the car, and a gas filled the air that made him fall unconscious. 

	Seven years later


	Grady chipped away at another rock, another piece of green stone flying off, later to be vacuumed up and shipped to Santa's lair, where the magic stone would power Santa's sleigh, his reindeer, and his entire operation. Seven years ago, the authorities had cracked down on Santa's children stealing fiestas. Because Santa was such an influential figure in the town giving away presents and all though. Because of this, an agreement was reached where Santa would avoid jail time, Santa could keep the kids he had already, but he had to stop kidnapping more.  This made Grady the last Kid kidnapped, and the youngest in his operation. He was constantly teased and beaten up by the older kids. The green rock coated everything, making his face, his clothes, and even his eyes and hair green. People back in the outside world would’ve thought it was halloween in a Christmas wonderland. But it was far from that, it was truly a waste land, filled with the horrible little things you call elves, they beat us and forced us to work. My latest project was to fix the sleigh Santa had been flying last week when he crashed on reentry, where I was the youngest I had to fix it. I wasn’t sure how old I was when I was taken, but I think I was 5 or 6, but time is different here, actually there is no time at all. Time doesn’t move in the North Pole so I have no true idea of how old I am. The one boy who is actually nice to me says he has been here for over three hundred Christmases. His name is Bernard, but I call him Berny. I looked up and saw him there,
 “Hey! What's up Grinchy?” He asked, I had gotten that name from Grady and I was always in a grouchy mood apparently and the rock dust I was covered in was called Ichen, so they put the three together and somehow got Grinchy or Grinch. 
“Not much just fixing the glorified trash can lid.” I responded,
 	“Well I am here to tell you something.” He said
 	“What?” I asked “You can take a shower!” 
“What!” I hadn't taken a shower in fifty Christmases, I was so happy. We made small talk while on the way to the showers. When we got there I asked 
“Could you go in with me, Hank is always in there and one thing leads to another and gets beat up?”
 	“Fine,” He responded. So we walked in but to my shock, not a soul was in there.
 “What happened to everyone?” I asked 
“They are all at the Christmas Eve Party '' He responded, Oh yeah, forgot that was today. I never liked going to those. I hopped into a shower and turned it on. I started scrubbing and watched as the green melted away. 
I didn’t feel too bad about missing out on the party, I wouldn't've had much fun anyway, but it did hurt being rejected by everyone day in and day out, no matter what I did. This year, or at least year for the world, maybe a few days for me, would be different. I wanted to do everything better to earn everyone’s respect. I yelled the idea to Berny, in the stall next to mine. He just laughed.
	“You’re not going to change anything. These people are heartless. If you want to change anything, you need to take it up with management.” I shuddered as I thought of the last time I had ever seen management. The big guy. He’d broken my ankle and threw me in a car. I hadn’t seen him since. In reality, Santa Claus, the big puffy jolly marshmallow was the real reason my life was so miserable. My ankle still hurts, five or six years later. I turned my shower off, dried off, put my clothes back on and ran outside to find Santa’s office. I saw a tower in the middle of the town, rising above all of the tiny houses. The bottom was colored like candy cane, and opened up three fourths of the way into a glass sphere, where the party was held. Just above that was Santa's office. I would sneak in, get whatever info I could, or sabotage whatever I could. I was determined to ruin the big guy's life for ruining mine.
	I snuck into the workshop and came face to face with a big bulky elf, he grabbed my arm and took me to Santa. On the way he started mumbling stuff like, 
	“Stupid kids trying to stop his plot,” and,
	“Hungry,” 
	I wrestled myself away from the elf, and throat-chopped him. He let go and grabbed his neck and coughed, but that was all the time I needed. I ran towards a random door, grabbed the handle and yanked, the door swung open fairly easily, I ran in and slammed the door shut and locked it. I was in the party room. Lights were everywhere, I just had to find a way to sneak past everyone and into Santa's office. I stood up tall and walked right through the crowd to the door on the other side of the massive room. 
	It was swarming with kids, elfs, and little goblin things serving drinks and snacks to everybody. I had never seen them before but they all looked to have some sort of dog collar on their necks, a little green light flashed on every collar in perfect synchronization. 
	I tried waving my hand in front of them, but none of them even flinched. When I got in their way, they shoved me down and walked over me. 
I tripped one and it rushed to get back up, but while it was, I slipped its collar off. He looked at me and asked,
“Where am I?” he started freaking out, breathing fast and looking around, almost ready to scream. 
“Hang on, calm down,” I was able to grab him and get him to calm down. He sat down and looked around at the party going on.
“You’re one of Santa's servants, this is his party he’s throwing. I’m trying to sneak into his office, and you can help me. Take all of the collars off of the other elves with collars, and you’ll free them too. Then you need to try and break out.” I said. He nodded and walked off to start with that. I started walking toward the massive doors labeled Santa’s Office. I grabbed the handle and yanked as hard as I could, the door swung open with ease. I peeked inside and saw that it was empty so I ran in, I felt a strong hand grab my shoulder and fling it to the now closed door.
“I can’t believe that you are still going on about this!” Santa said in a deep, rough voice. “This is pathetic, after 300 years of punishment, I would think that you would be over that fact that you limp because of me. You know, if you wouldn’t have tried to run you would have been completely fine. You actually would have been more respected here, but because you ran, you work in the mines, you never get to shower, and you're bullied.” 
“I don’t care!” I yelled “You ruined my life!” 
“I did not!” He yelled back shaking the room as he yelled. “You did this to yourself!” 
He grabbed me and threw me down a tunnel yelling “Fifty more years Wallice.” 
Wallice, I hated Wallice. He always made my life miserable, making me work harder and faster than the other elves down there. Then I hit the ground.
I woke to Wallice staring at me hovering two inches above my nose. “You idiot” He managed to say in between bursts of laughter “I can’t believe that you thought you would take down the Big Man.” 
I got up and walked over to the rack holding the pickaxes, I grabbed one and walked to my spot and got to work. The mines weren't terrible if you didn’t think about the fact that you now have to spend your entire lifetime working in them, chipping away at the stupid rock, what if we go on strike? Wallice would probably kill me if I tried. Soon enough the rest of the kids showed up
“What's up loser?” Hank yelled, “I heard that you got fifty more years in this dump. You know if you stop trying to get revenge on Santa you would be treated better? We would actually like you, you wouldn’t be such an outcast, and you wouldn’t have to work in the mines. “ 
“Actually?” I asked 
“Actually” He responded, the rest of the kids nodding their heads with him. 
“Ok, I will stop if you get me out of this dump.” I responded 
“I’ll see what I can do.” He said and walked off. 
I waited most of the day for them to come back, as I watched the opening to my section I saw a shadow move and Hank walked in.
	“I got you out.” He said
	“Really?!” I responded 
	“Yep.” He answered
	I basically ran and hugged him “Thank You!” I said. “Thank You!” 
	I walked out with him and into the shower room, I took a shower and walked up to Santa's office with him.
	“There is one condition though, you have to pledge your allegiance to Santa.” Hank said
	“Why?” I asked
	“I don’t know, He made all of us do it and he said he will make you do it.” He responded
	“Okay” I said 
	I walked into Santa's office by myself he was sitting at his desk looking at the Nice List, 
	“Grady!” He said in an unusually jolly tone, “I am so glad you have made this decision to join me and the rest of the North Pole.” 
	“Uh, yeah,” I responded. 
	“Okay, there is one thing that you have to do to stop getting time in the mines and for everyone to respect you, just repeat after me, I state your name”
	“I Grady Plink”
	“Promise to always respect the North Pole and all of its citizens”
	“Promise to always respect the North Pole and all of its citizens” 
“And to never doubt the rules and restrictions”
“And to never doubt the rules and restrictions”
“And will always be kind, jolly, and happy, and will listen to Santa no matter the cost.”
	“And will always be kind, jolly, and happy, and will listen to Santa no matter the cost.”
“There, it's finished!” He said
“Thanks!” I responded, but something felt off about it, like he wasn’t going to do something good with me or my oath. I shook my head and just told myself that those thoughts were crazy and insane and that I needed to start thinking rationally. I walked out to the rest of the kids standing there smiling ear to ear. 
“Let's go celebrate!” Hank said, 
‘Okay” I responded 
So we walked to the nearest steak house and sat down for a good two hours and just ate and talked. I sat next to Berny and Hank. 
“Why did you go into Santa’s office?” Berny asked 
“To say the oath,” I responded 
“What oath?” He asked
“The one that everybody had to pledge to get on Santa’s good side.” I replied 
“Huh, I never had to say anything or talk to Santa” He said,
“What?” I almost yelled.
“Be quiet,” Berny said, "We are going back to my house to talk more about this. 
He stood up, “Grady is not feeling the best so I am going to take him home for the night. This has been wonderful and Grady is very thankful for you all.” 
Everyone got up and let us out of the booth with a bunch of “Hope you get feeling better Grady.” and “Man, that sucks. But congrats on getting into the group!” Me and Berny walked to his house and sat down on his couch. 
“So, tell me about this pledge and what Santa said.”
So I told him about the pledge and the unusual mood he was in and how he seemed happy to see me. 
“Strange,” He said, “I need time to gather my thoughts and process this information. You better get home, it's already ten thirty.” 
I walked home and laid in bed, I drifted off and opened my eyes to a dream-like world where I saw the day's events and the day before and it kept going on for it seemed like forever, I scrolled through this list of days to the first memory. I saw my mom pushing me toward a very fat man in dirty clothes with a rotting smell and a beard full of dirt and junk. He grabbed my arm and just as he was about to take me the scene faded.
 “Where did it go?” I screamed “No!” I curled up in a ball and started sobbing. Why could I not see them give me away? Why? A loud voice filled my head,
 “What's wrong Grady? Why are you crying?” It asked 
“I just wanted to see my parents, the people that gave me to Santa!” I responded.
“Have you ever thought that that memory would only hurt and not help?” It said
“No, I guess I never have. Who are you anyway?”
	A big shadow stepped into view, “I am Santa, Grady, I stopped you from watching that memory again because it was only going to drag you down. It would do nothing good.”
	“I guess that's true, but I still want to see my parents.” I said 
“Why would you want to see the people who gave you away?” 
“I don’t know, I just figured that it would be good for me to see them one last time before I forget them entirely.”
“That will only bring you longing for them and the outside world. Keep in mind that it has been three hundred years since you stopped aging, the world has changed beyond recognition. Your home was demolished nearly one hundred years ago to make a parking lot for a Walmart.”
“What is a Walmart?” I asked 
“A Walmart is a place where people can go to buy almost anything and everything they need.” He answered 
“Huh, that sounds weird.” I said 
“Yeah, it is a very strange place.” He said. 
A blaring noise filled my head, I looked at Santa and he was only smiling.
“Time to wake up grady,”
Then he vanished.
I woke up and turned my alarm off. I was weird. I had turned all my mining gear back to the mine so there was nothing to get up and do. I got dressed and walked outside to the busy streets of the North Pole. I walked over to the workshop, on the way I found an elf struggling to carry all of her items back to her home. 
“Do you want some help?” I asked. She looked at me with a kind expression 
“Why that would be great, Thank you!” She responded
I grabbed her items and walked with her back to her house. We made small talk on the way there. Eventually we walked up to an older house for the North Pole with white siding and a red roof covered in snow. 
“Thank you! You sure are a wonderful help!” She grabbed her items and walked into her home. 
That was different, it seemed as if every elf had all the sudden changed since the time I had been here. Everyone was nice and caring to me now. I am not going to lie, I hated being the topic of discussion for everyone I had walked with for three hundred years, but now that would never happen again. That life was behind me. I started to walk around when a booming voice came over the massive speakers that covered the North Pole, 
“All humans to my office right now!” 
It was Santa, had I broken some rule by helping that elf? Was it something I had done? My mind was racing as I walked into the workshop and approached the doors I knocked and one opened. Everyone was already in Santa’s office. They had all gone to the border of the room and Santa stood in the middle. He looked down at me.
“What do you think you were doing helping that elf carry some of her stuff?” His booming voice filled the room. 
“I was just respecting the members of the North Pole by helping one carry some things to her house.” I replied 
“Very good!” He said as the room filled with applause. He led us all to a huge map of the world. Points were marked about every inch or two depending on the location. 
“This is a map of the world, we are here.” he said, pointing to a little island by a huge land mass label ANTARCTICA I had no idea what that meant but it seemed of no interest to everyone else so I didn’t pay any attention to it. 
“This Christmas will be like no other.” Santa said
“Why is that Santa?” A very pretty girl asked 
“Because this Christmas, we will be taking over the world!” He replied, “I will need everyone's help. This will not be easy, we need to hack into the Walmart and Target database and erase it so they will be forced to shut down and the only things that humans get are the presents from us!”
“Why would we do that?” Hank asked 
“Because humans are trying to make Christmas about themselves, it is really about the amount of work that we at the North Pole put into Christmas and how we should be praised for it.” He replied
“But I thought that we did this to make the humans happy” Said Berny 
“We still do. I just think that we deserve the praise and the credit for Christmas,” Santa replied. “Not the humans who decorate their tree and wait for me to show up and give them their stuff.” 
“That sounds mean.” I said “I thought that we did it out of the kindness of our hearts, not to get the praise.”
“Are you questioning me? Even after your oath?” asked Santa “Because to me it sounds like you are questioning me. Ohh what was it, ‘And will listen to Santa no matter the cost.’ does that sound right to you?” 
“Yes, but I still think that this is unfair and cruel.” I said 
“Yeah, what Grinchy said!” Hank yelled 
The room proceeded to fill with yeahs and go grinchy. Santa looked down at me.
“Everyone. Out. Now.” It was said so quietly that you could have missed it in the yelling frenzy, but everyone instantly shut up.
My heart filled with terror as his gaze was still locked on me. Everyone else walked out as I decided to give Santa an intense stare in return. Scare him and assert my authority. I gave my only friends one last look as they left. They looked afraid, their eyes glazed with anticipation. No one had ever gone this far with Santa. The punishment Santa was about to enforce would be far worse than anything he had ever done before. This was all new territory.
“Do you know why I chose you?” asked Santa.
“Because I was helpless from escaping.” I folded my arms and continued my glare. It was my best chance of survival at this point. Santa chuckled.
“No. Because I needed you.” the words echoed in my soul.
“You don’t need me, I’m just like everyone else to you, a random kid. A nobody. But now I know I’m not a nobody. I’m going to fill the world with hearts and hugs and presents.” I pointed at the globe. Santa let out an enormous laugh, so much that he fell on the ground in laughter.
“No, you gingerbread, because you were the worst of the worst!” I took a step back as he got up, towering over me.
“No” I muttered not necessarily to anyone. His grin melted my resolve away and I backed up against the door, clawing it for escape. But it was locked.
“You were the worst boy in the city. Stealing wallets from strangers, making gangs to bully the smaller kids, and hurting and taking advantage of everyone who showed you any kindness.”
“HELP!” I cried. I heard nothing on the other side of the door. Not even any feet shuffling. 
“And why do you think I punished you? I wanted you to hate me more, to cultivate that hatred. Now I need you to use that hatred to help us take over the world. The real reason I chose you, Grady, was because I needed your help.” By this time I had stopped pounding the door for help. I turned around to face him.
“You chose me because I’m mean?” I asked.
“Precisely,” said Santa.
“Well you’re going to get what you paid for.” 
I skirted around him, running for the table. I’m surprised he didn’t catch me immediately, considering how he had caught up to me when I was younger. But looking back on the situation now, in all the fast-paced stress, I didn’t notice at the time but now I remember a noise that sounded like breaking wood coming from the door-way. The next thing I knew, all of my new friends were surrounding Santa, grabbing on arms and legs, holding him back. I was able to get to the computer and take a look at Santa's database. I looked around the files and found a folder titled “plan to get all of the children in the world” I grabbed a flash drive and backed it up onto it. I pulled it out just in time as Santa broke free and slammed Hank against the wall, his lifeless body slumping on the floor, Berny ran over, jumped and grabbed santa. He then screamed an ear splitting scream and stabbed santa with a sharpened candy cane. Santa started screaming in pain then he grabbed Berny by the head and pulled him off his back, he slammed him onto his desk and started to punch him repeatedly. I grabbed the massive hammer that was next to his desk and slammed it into his head. He stumbled back and just before he could regain his balance I slammed it into his head again, knocking him out. 
	I really wanted to kill Santa then and there. That would save the world from so much horror. But I knew that Berny needed help, so we picked him up and rushed him to the hospital in the town. All the elves stared as we ran him to the hospital, a trail of blood following. 
	A little after we got there and the staff took Berny we all sat down, but no one talked. Then out of the corner of my eye I saw a nurse,
	“How is he doing?” I asked 
	“Not good, he has a lot of internal bleeding, at the moment he is not going to make it.” she replied 
	I looked to his door, my best friend, now gone. I stood up.
	“Guys, we need to leave, I think that we can steal his sleigh and escape.” 
	They all looked at each other,
	“Let’s do it,” one said 
	“I agree.” another replied 
“Yeah,” a third said. 
“But what about Hank and Berny? They were the leaders of our little group.” a little voice said from within the group.
“We have to continue without them, they both gave their lives to protect Christmas, and so will I if necessary.” I replied 
Whispering and little conversations started up the second the words left my mouth, after a little while the entire group nodded in unison. 
	We all ran back to the stables, we froze as a booming voice came over the town,
“There are a group of humans running around my town, if you happen to see them you are to either kill them, or bring them to me.”
The message sent chills down my spine, after we all came to our senses we started running again. We made it to the stables, hopped into the sleigh and fired it up. We took off just as Santa bursted through the main door. But the easy part was over. We now had to navigate through the Northern Light gate, a gate made from the magic of the Northern Lights, made by Santa when he first started giving gifts to the children of the world. As we continued to pick-up speed we had to make some really sharp turns that almost threw a little girl out. A boy threw-up as we almost went out, and that caused a chain reaction as four other kids started to puke. We shot out at what felt like Mach 4, as we leveled out and slowed down some of the kids started to fall asleep, I continued to fly the sleigh because I was the only one who had ever been close to it let alone in it. A girl that looked about my age crawled up from the gift storage area and sat down next to me.
“That was some really good flying back there,”
“Thanks,” I replied
“You were really great,”
“Thanks,” I said again
	Kids near the back started fighting over space.
“I better get back there,” she said
“Ok, See you later” I replied

As she went away, I looked forward to seeing some lights in the distance. There was a distinct smell, making me want to wrap myself in a blanket and sleep next to a fireplace in someplace I could call home. The smell triggered something in my memory, and I started having flashbacks again. I felt myself hit the floor as a new memory engulfed my consciousness.
I was at home, in our living room, a fire in the fireplace. I was wrapped up in a blanket too, coinciding heavily with my imagination previous to me blacking out. My face was to the fireplace, but I heard someone come in. someone big who made no effort to conceal his footsteps. a familiar voice rocked my head in confusion.
“Hello son.” In an instant, I knew what was happening. The smell increased and I recognized this place, it was my home. My head whipped around, a tall man with old ragged clothes was standing there. 
“It is time to go,” I didn’t want to but I got up, and walked with him to our front door. A man in a old fur coat with a tattered red hat with a mud brown ball attached to it was standing there, 
“So this is him… Hmmm, I can do a couple of gifts and a solid gold bar,” 
“We’ll take it,” The woman said. The man reached forward and grabbed my arm, as we were walking back I slipped and fell hitting my head on a very sharp rock, the second I hit the ground everything went black. I woke up in the back of the car driving down a very bumpy road, we suddenly stopped, the trunk opened and the old man grabbed me and put me into a wooden box, after about thirty minutes I was jolted back against another wooden surface, after that it was about another three hours until I saw the light of day. When I opened my eyes I was surrounded by snow, I looked up and the man was standing there looking forward. A door opened and he dragged me in. We started going down. 
“WAKE UP!” Someone screamed in my ear as we were now spiraling towards the ocean. A grabbed the stick and pulled up just as we were about to hit the water. We got back up to around 10,000 feet and stabilized,
“What happened?” I asked
“You passed out, I think,” the girl from before said. I didn't pass out, I know that for a fact, but I didn’t want to say anything about what I saw, that would only cause more confusion. We soon reached the mainland and landed the sleigh. 
“Where do we go?” a kid asked 
“Yeah, my home was destroyed years ago, according to Santa.” another said. The girl from before walked up to me. 
“None of them have homes, we are all over three hundred years old and our families are all dead.” 
“I know, but I think that an orphanage is their best chance to have a good life.”
“An orphanage? Really? Do you think that an orphanage is the best place for them to go? Most of them came from an orphanage,” said the girl. I looked down on the town to see an old, broken-down orphanage where it seemed like we could lay low for a while. Santa would be sending his elves to kill us soon, and we needed desperate time to come up with a plan to destroy Santa.

I slowly lowered the sleigh as we went further down and closer to the orphanage. Eventually, we started circling, before gracefully landing on the overgrown lawn with a thump. 
“Everyone get in. We’re camping here for a while,” I told everyone. We all got off and went inside. The whole place was empty, like a creepy house straight out of a horror Halloween movie. Once we got inside I tore some wood off of the wall and was able to use old carpet and window shades to make a fire. Once we were gathered around, I pulled out and unfolded a map I had found in the glove box of the sleigh. It was at the North Pole. There were some other papers too, but I wouldn’t show them until later. 
“We need to take out Santa. We’re the only ones who know anything about his nefarious plan to destroy the giant retail outlets, as well as get even more children to torture and work for him. If we don’t stop him soon, he’ll either get rid of us or have time to enact his plan.” I put it frankly for the others to realize and get thinking. Maybe without combined brain power, we could outsmart Santa somehow. 
“What’s the plan?” asked the girl. I thought about it for a moment as I looked at the map. 
“What if we tell the retail outlets about this? It’s in their best interest to stop Santa too, and they’re much more powerful than us,” asked a boy warming his hands on the fire. He must’ve been only seven or eight, as old as I must’ve been when Santa took me. Or when my parents gave me, whichever you find appropriate. He didn’t deserve to get pulled into a fight like this. His parents must’ve been almost dead by now. But neither did I. Santa was going to pay. Bigtime. 
“We could tell them, but we can’t depend on whether or not they do anything. We need to make our plan independent of anything that they do. People in this world… I don't think that Santa exists. I remember I was one of those who spread the lie. Although I didn’t know it was a lie at the time.” I explained.
“So they might think we're pulling their leg,” said the girl.
“Exactly,” I said.
“What’s Santa’s first move?” asked another kid. I pulled out some of the other papers and spread them around for the kids to look at. I looked at the girl and asked,
“Do you think we can do this?”
“Definitely.” 
“So their first move is to take out Walmart’s headquarters, located in Bentonville, Arkansas. It’s going to happen the day after Christmas, which is when a meeting with all of the officials will take place. Santa’s elves will bust in there, beat up security, tie the officials all up, and then dump them into the ocean somewhere.” I said, reading off of the same paper. 
“Walmart would just go away.” the girl said.
“So If we warn Walmart, and go in there and stop the elves ourselves, we stand a decent chance of upsetting or slowing down Santa’s plans,” said another kid.
“What are the rest of Santa’s plans?” asked someone else. I looked at the paper. 
“Take out Target, and then some other stores, that will increase his presence in the black market where he’ll sell presents, meaning weapons and fake IDs to criminals in exchange for more kids. Then he’ll go on to use his new loyalty from these criminals to make an army, take over a few governments, and then at that point establishing control over getting all of the kids should be easy.” I was quivering by the time I finished. The plan would be so simple, yet so effective. Nothing should’ve stopped in his way.
“There’s one thing that Santa didn’t plan for.” said the girl.
“What?” asked some of the kids.
“Us.” I stared into the flame as I thought how we would stop Santa in time. The meeting will be in a few days. I had found a paper that was in the sleigh,
 Hello Grady, I knew you would try to steal my sleigh. There are 15 different trackers on it at all times. If you would like to no longer be hunted, meet me at the nearest Walmart. Come alone. I will know where you are no matter what. If you are not at Walmart by December 22nd at 5:00 PM then I will consider whether you want to continue your hunting. 
-Santa
I hadn’t told the girl who’s name is Molly, I found that out tonight, if I did she would say no. I wanted to do it, but I still had one more day to make-up my mind. If I choose to say no then we would all be killed. 
I could see my breath as I walked to the nearest Walmart. Santa would be attacking the Walmart headquarters in a few days, and we had to stop him. But he knew our every move with the trackers. He probably knew that we knew his plans, and wasn’t happy with that. 
The Walmart’s shop lights illuminated my path in the parking lot as I slowly approached. The place was closed, so I wasn’t sure how I would meet Santa. 
Suddenly, three elves came out of cars in front of me with candy cane knives pulled out and ready to stab. It all happened too fast for me to have any coherent thoughts. I turned around to run but there were three more who got out behind me. To the left and right, one elf was placed. I wasn’t running my way out of this one. I pulled out my beanie and threw it perfectly into the face of the elves who were to my front. While he was pulling it off, I grabbed the candy cane knife and kicked him back before he could see what I was doing, due to the beanie trick.
I jumped onto a sedan next to us. One elf tried a lunge at me, but because I had the high ground, I got him in the shoulder and he missed. He backed up, leaving six left to try and kill me.
“Hey, how much is Santa paying you guys? Because whatever it is, I can pay double in advance.” Two of them jumped onto the cars to the left and right of me. They began to move closer in and started slashing. I had to block both of them simultaneously with the knife I had stolen. My calf erupted in flame as I turned around to see another elf who had snuck behind us and got me. I jumped onto and off his head, landing with a roll on the pavement. The others jumped down and the others walked around the cars. My calf was bleeding profusely, but I couldn’t just put down my blade and put pressure on it. I kept on backing up as I bled on the pavement. One of the elves near the front noticed it, and then said,
“Run. we’ll give you thirty seconds. see how far you make it.” I knew he was going to track me by the blood. But I couldn’t take on the rest of them. I turned around and half-limping, half running, made my way to a nearby forest. When I was in the cover of the trees, I tore off my right sleeve and wrapped it around my calf, tightening it and stopping the bleeding. My calf still hurt, but now it wasn’t bleeding, and they couldn’t track me. But running would still be hard. I decided to go around, staying in the cover of the trees, and make my way to Walmart. That way I could dash to the entrance, and find some more weapons inside. I started limping. Soon I heard a loud cry. I knew the time was up and I had to hurry before they got to me. I started running, gritting my teeth through the pain. I saw a group of elves running into the forest, they ran right past me, hiding under the roots of a tree. I ran back to their cars, hopped in and looked around. I don’t know how to drive these things. Suddenly my door was ripped open and a huge hand grabbed my shoulder and ripped me out. I turned my head and saw a furry sleeve with a leather glove as I was flying through the air. I landed and rolled on the ground a few times to slow my impact. My vision started to blur just a bit. Then I told myself to snap back into it, and I jumped up and started running towards the walmart. I didn’t have time to see the man, but he probably wasn’t far behind. I slipped on a little patch of ice while running. The same hand came and closed around my head, covering my eyes. All of a sudden I couldn’t breathe and passed out. 

I woke up, shivering and cold, sitting on the ground on concrete. I looked around and saw the Walmart behind me, 
“That's weird.” I muttered to myself. Nothing had happened to me. I would’ve even thought the whole thing was a hallucination if it weren’t for the soreness in my calf. But it was hard to notice, now only a scab where the knife had gone in. The elves must’ve done something, but it didn’t seem important at the time. I decided to walk home, figuring that it probably was bad, but I couldn’t do anything about it now. We would still try to hijack Santa’s plans, but who knew what would happen? 

It was a few days later, in Bentonville. It turned out that had been the city that they landed, by complete coincidence. Tonight was the night that Santa would take out Walmart, starting his journey to destroy the world. He had already started according to the Bentonville News station because the surrounding Walmarts had already turned their lights off. And it was only an hour or two before the normal closing time. I could already imagine the officials looking at me like I was a doofus. Not only was Santa real, but he was also a child trafficker and wanted to take down their business to ensure his rise to power. They would never believe it. 
As I got back to the camp everyone was huddled around an old television,
“What's going on?” I asked 
“You need to see this.” someone shouted. I walked over and saw an aerial view of a flaming Walmart, Just then I saw a group of little levels flash across the very back of the screen running out of the Walmart. 
“Where is that?” I asked
“Utah.” another responded 
“Where’s that?” 
“About five days from here in the sleigh.” I thought for a while then a reporter said, 
“This is the twentieth Walmart to burn down in the country.” I ran over.
“What!”, 
“Meanwhile the prices keep changing randomly, whatever is going on is certainly strange.” A kid started screaming, I whipped my head around and saw a huge group of elves with Santa standing in the middle of them. 
We were rushed. There is no other way to say it. We were rushed. As I sat in a prison cell banging my head against the wall, I was thinking. How could we be so dumb? I knew that I should have shown the note to everyone and gotten rid of the sleigh. I was stupid. I am stupid. The door to the prison  and a massive Elf walked over to a group of little kids that looked to be five or six years old. He grabbed a  key from his pocket and unlocked the door. He then proceeds to grab all five of the kids and take them back through the door, shutting it behind him.  
“Where did they go?” I heard a voice yell.
“I don’t know” I responded “But you better be quiet so you're not next.”
	 The door opened and two huge elves walked in and walked to my cell. They grabbed me by the arms and forced me out of my cell. As we started to walk back the room erupted in screams and ‘you better not hurt him!’ I personally found it flattering but the elves did not. As we reached the door the one to my right pulled a lever down, the second it touched the bottom  sprinklers turned on and soaked every cell. He left the water running and closed the door. 
	As we walked to wherever we were going one of the elves lightened his grip but that was all I needed, I thought. I twisted and tried to run back to the prison but the other elves' grip tightened forcing me to the ground in pain. He picked me up and threw me against the wall and screamed,
	“Do you want to die, because I am more than willing to do it right now!”
	I didn’t say anything until he pulled me back and slammed me against the wall again,
 	“Fine, I won't try anything again.”
	“Good” he screamed in my ear. We started walking again and it felt like forever when we reached a pair of doors. They opened and I saw a desk with Santa sitting at it. 
	“I have a proposition,” He said “You stay here and help me take over the world or all your friends die.”
	“What! What kind of proposition is that?” I yelled
	“Mine” he responded “So, what will it be?”
 	“Fine,” I said in defeat
	“That is what I am talking about,” He fixed his gaze onto the elves “All you need to do is threaten the friends and they comply so much easier.” He looked back at me, “Oh, I lied, your friends have already started to inhale pure nitrogen. It will kill them in five minutes, and you get to watch.” 
	The elves dragged me over to a screen displaying the prison cells. All the little kids were coughing uncontrollably, then the older ones. Eventually everyone was gasping for breath.
	“No! You can’t do this! Stop, please stop!” I pleaded 
	“No!” Santa screamed. “You ruined my plans for everything I was going to do!” 
My eyes darted back to the screen as I heard a scream as the kids started to drop dead. Then the older ones and eventually everyone. 
	 I sat there looking at the mess of my friends. They were all dead. And there was nothing I could have done to stop it. I turned to Santa filled with pure rage.
	“You are a horrible gift maker and you are an even worse person!” I screamed, I was so loud that the elves dropped me to cover their ears. I felt a strange tingling in my hands, I started to drift off the ground and my skin was glowing green. I guess all the years spent in the Ichen mines were paying off. I flew over to Santa and grabbed his neck and took off. I burst through the top of the building and continued to fly by. I eventually reached the top of the north pole. 
	“This is for everything you have ever done to me.” I said in the most horrifying voice I had ever heard. I started to loosen my grip and dropped him. He screamed the entire way down. 
	Suddenly from behind an elf kicked me, tumbling me down the same cliff. At the bottom it slowly became less steep on a grass plain, leading to a soft landing. Santa was there, waiting. 
	I got up and faced him. He wouldn’t get away with anything else mischievous. It was just the both of us to finally determine the winner between good and evil.
	“No more tricks, Santa. No more friends.” I pointed my finger accusingly at him.
	“Just you… and me.” He said, confirming my thoughts. We both rushed in, starting a mad brawl. Every time the big guys' speed impressed me. As I fought, flashbacks came rushing back, about my childhood. Horrible things I had done. Horrible things that had been done to me. But all of that was behind me now. It was just me against Santa Clause, as it had always been. 
	We kicked and we punched and we grabbed and we jabbed. I was able to pick him up and throw him over my shoulder. I’m sure if I hadn’t spent all of those years in the mines I would’ve broken my back. As he landed, I heard a crack. I turned around to see that Santa had landed on his head weird. He should’ve died just then. But there was some weird magic going on, some fairy dust flying around, and santa got back up. His head popped and rolled around in weird ways, and then he looked at me and grinned. 
	Okay, he caught me off guard, you can’t blame me.
	The next thing I knew I was on the ground, getting hits left and right. Whatever power I had just gained was still fresh, so I was able to kick him away and get up, but Santa was right back on me, and whatever I had was wearing off. I had to kill Santa for real before I got too tired. Santa was pulling out moves left and right as I backed up, blocking them. Each hit hurt more and more as I took quicker breaths. I turned around and ran up to the wall, getting a few feet on Santa. Then I jumped and landed on him, all in a few seconds before he could move or think of what to do. 
But for a half second, I had him down. I didn’t want him to get back up, so I let him have it. I know it was dirty. I know I was absorbed in the rage over my friends' deaths and let that take control over me. I know that by killing this evil person, Santa, I was just making a new one. And I think I knew that I was losing control even then, but I let it take over. 

Soon I was done. What was left of Santa disappeared in a puff of smoke. Leaving his jacket behind. I slid it on and found new power. It changed green too. I had the most despicable thoughts, but who could stop me? I had just overthrown one of the biggest schemes in history, defeated my biggest foe from the beginning of time, and gotten this vest that made me immortal. But my thoughts turned back to my friends, who had been so gruesomely murdered. I used the magic from the suit to fly me to a nearby mountain. I sat at the top and looked at a tiny town below. They were just going through their everyday lives. As I thought, the sorrow of the holiday became apparent in my mind. Christmas was supposed to be a time of laughter and joy. A time to be with friends and family. But to me? Christmas had been the cause of all my misery. Its very creator kidnapped me and enslaved me. But then he continued to torture me and hurt those who were close to me. Christmas was supposed to be a time of laughter and joy. But to me it only brought pain. 
As I had this realization, I turned to see a cave nearby. I walked in, slowly, thinking about what I would do next year. I was a different person. Now I would no longer be known as Grady. That was yesterday’s boy. Today, I am the Grinch.
